People have been reacting to a White House proposal to rescue the US economy in the wake of a deadly virus.
 People have been reacting to the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden has overturned President Donald Trump's ban on transgender people serving in the military.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the past week.
Here's a round-up of all the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
People have been reacting to Gordon Sondland's testimony at the House of Representatives impeachment inquiry, in which the US ambassador directly implicated President Trump and his top men in a Ukraine shakedown scheme.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the US this week.
As Joe Biden says he no longer supports a ban on federal health care money for abortions, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
People are reacting to the arrest of Huawei's chief financial officer in Canada on suspicion of violating US sanctions against Iran.
Following the release of Donald Trump's tax returns, here's a round-up of the key points.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in Washington on Monday.
People are reacting to the news that Facebook has been sued by the US federal government for anti-competitive conduct.
 The US Department of Health (CDC) is recommending that everyone 18 and older should get a COVID19 vaccine booster.
People have been reacting to a report that President Trump deliberately minimized the risk of the deadly coronavirus that killed more than 1,000 people in New York last year.
People have been talking about Elizabeth Warren's courage and tenacity in the first Democratic debate on healthcare and the economy.
 People have been reacting to the news that a new memo from Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says a citizenship question on the 2020 census was designed to boost white voting power.
 On Fox News, we look back at some of the most read stories of the past 24 hours.
Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris takes questions at a CNN town hall, moderated by Jake Tapper.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 A federal judge in Texas has ruled that the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, is unconstitutional.
People have been giving their reaction to Bill Barr's confirmation hearing as the next attorney general.
People have been reacting to the news that Attorney General William Barr is to step down.
People have been reacting to the latest interview between New York Democratic congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Anderson Cooper.
 It's been a busy day on social media, with Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ted Cruz striking an agreement to work together on a bill to ban former lawmakers from lobbying for life.
People have been reacting to the American Psychological Association's new guidelines on mental health for men and boys.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she would back a plan to get rid of the Electoral College.
People have been reacting to the Alabama governor's decision to impose a total ban on abortions.
 As the US Senate considers a 15-week limit on abortion, here's a round-up of reaction to the National Review's editorial on the issue.
Social media users have been reacting to the news that the US Supreme Court is set to hear a bill to protect its justices from anti-abortion protests.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the fatal shooting of a 13-year-old boy by a Chicago police officer.
 As Donald Trump threatens to adjourn both houses of Congress and bypass Senate rules on his nominees for the supreme court, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been reacting to the news that the US Supreme Court will hear challenges to affirmative action in university admissions.
People have been reacting to Harvard University's trial on whether it discriminates against Asian-Americans.
 The latest in a long series of posts about President Joe Biden's recent comments on the war in Syria and Afghanistan, as well as his unlikely journey to Harvard University, have been shared by many on social media.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and his team are facing early tests in the Middle East, and Twitter users have been quick to offer their views.
 People in Alaska have been reacting to the news that Democrat Mary Peltola has beaten former Republican Sarah Palin in a special election.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's health plan, as he unveils his plan for Obamacare 2.0.
 The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump can use money approved by Congress to build his border wall.
People have been reacting to Amazon's decision to raise its minimum wage to $15 (Â£11) an hour in the US.
Amazon's decision to pull out of a deal to build a new headquarters in New York City has been met with an outpouring of praise from social media users.
Amazon warehouse workers in Alabama have rejected a union bid by the online retail giant.
People have been talking about why Amazon workers in Alabama rejected unionization.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden has used his first joint address to Congress to call for a $4 trillion (Â£3.3 trillion) spending plan, warning that China is closing in on the US.
Following President Donald Trump's announcement that he has nominated conservative Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court, here's a round-up of reaction.
 As the US Senate confirmed Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court, here's your daily guide to the key stories from the news in Washington.
People have been reacting to a 60 Minutes interview with former FBI director Andrew McCabe, who says he briefed top Republicans about an investigation into Donald Trump.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about the nomination of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting links shared over the past week.
 People have been reacting to the news that top US infectious disease official Anthony Fauci is stepping down from government posts.
Asian Americans have been reacting to reports that the mass shooting at a massage parlor in Atlanta may have had sexual undertones.
Following a surge in antisemitic incidents in the US, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) and Vice-President Joe Biden have both called on the Jewish community to speak out.
Democrats have reacted angrily to Attorney General William Barr's confirmation hearing, accusing him of trying to interfere with the investigation of President Donald Trump.
 Here's a round-up of interesting political news from around the world.
US President Donald Trump deserves to take a victory lap for killing the leader of the Islamic State group, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that Bahrain has normalised ties with Israel.
People are reacting to the sentencing of Roger Stone, a former aide to President Donald Trump, who was convicted of obstructing an investigation into Russia's election campaign.
William Barr, President Donald Trump's nominee to be the next attorney general, is facing questions from both Democrats and the New York Times.
 People have been reacting to the hearing of Amy Coney Barrett, Donald Trump's pick to be the next US Supreme Court judge.
Here's a full transcript of the exchange between Attorney General William Barr and a Democratic congressman on Roger Stone's sentencing.
President Donald Trump and his staff have been reacting to a judge's ruling that the president must hand over his tax returns to Congress.
Bernie Sanders' campaign has raised more than $4m (Â£2.5m) in the first 12 hours since he announced he is running for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden both raised more than $34.5m in the final quarter of 2019, according to the Associated Press.
Bernie Sanders' tax returns show he became a millionaire after losing the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Texas Senator Beto O'Rourke's campaign to become the Democratic candidate for the 2020 presidential election has been met with plenty of reaction.
People in Texas are giving their views on Beto O'Rourke's bid to become governor of the state, and the Democratic Party would be even worse off without him.
People have been reacting to the news that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has won a third term in office.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's announcement that he wants to invest $1.7 trillion in clean energy and infrastructure and end carbon emissions by 2050.
People have been reacting to reports that Vice-President Joe Biden has chosen Lloyd Austin, the first Black Pentagon chief, as his secretary of defence.
Florida's Republican governor has defended his decision to allow flights of illegal immigrants from the US to Florida.
 A daily guide to the key stories, newspaper headlines and quotes from the news in the US that we did not know last week:
As Joe Biden prepares to sign an executive order targeting corporate monopolies, here's a look at some of the key quotes from the media over the past few days.
 People have been reacting to President Joe Biden's announcement on climate change, as he visits a former coal-fired power plant in Massachusetts.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin have traded insults in a TV interview, with both saying Russia would pay a price for meddling in the US election.
US Vice-President Joe Biden and his Democratic rival Bernie Sanders have taken part in the first of six TV debates between them.
 As the Democratic debate on coronavirus comes to a close, here's a look at some of the key points.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin have held their first face-to-face talks, but the two sides spent less than three hours together.
On Tuesday, we asked whether Joe Biden's job-approval rating had fallen to its lowest level in 70 years.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has unveiled a $6 trillion (Â£4.3 trillion) budget proposal for the next five years, but the White House says it will not go ahead.
People have been reacting to President-elect Joe Biden's announcement of a $1.9 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) "American rescue plan" to deal with the deadly coronavirus.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's climate plan, which includes a $2 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion) clean energy plan and a plan to protect the environment.
People have been reacting to the news that Vice-President Joe Biden's approval rating is higher than that of his Republican predecessor Donald Trump.
As Joe Biden prepares to mark his first year in office with a report card from voters, here's your reaction.
 People have been reacting to President-elect Joe Biden's announcement of his foreign policy and national security teams.
People have been reacting to the announcement by Vice-President Joe Biden that he wants to ease restrictions on immigration.
As Joe Biden is sworn in as the 46th president of the United States, here's a round-up of reaction from around the world.
 People are reacting to the news that President Joe Biden has struck a $1.75 trillion spending deal with Democrats in Congress.
People are reacting to President Joe Biden's fiery plea for voting rights in a speech on Tuesday.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of the best political stories from the news in Washington this week.
People are making their case for former US ambassador Susan Rice as Joe Biden's running mate.
Here's a round-up of social media reaction to a Senate hearing on Wednesday, where the heads of Facebook, Twitter and Google faced questions about their role in the US election.
Following the announcement of a Democratic proposal to tax billionaires to fund President Joe Biden's social-policy and climate-change agenda, social media users have been reacting.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Sir Richard Branson have been accused of "Owe You Nothing" by the National Review.
 The New Yorker and New Yorker are among the New Yorkers who have been reacting to the bipartisan deal on gun control.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting political stories from the news in Washington this week.
Former Vice-President Joe Biden, who announced a deal on a $1.1 trillion (Â£1.2tn) infrastructure bill on Thursday, has been widely mocked on social media.
 The Atlantic and Twitter have been quick to react to the news that former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a possible bid to run against Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Opponents of Brexit and the UK's exit from the European Union have been reacting to Mike Bloomberg's pledge to spend $1bn on Facebook to counter Donald Trump's disinformation campaign.
Brazil's far-right presidential candidate Jair Bolsonaro has won the presidential election, but environmental activists have vowed to press on in the face of his victory.
People are reacting to the news that John Bolton has agreed to testify under oath in the impeachment trial of President Donald Trump.
 The Pentagon has confirmed there has been a blast outside Kabul airport, hours after a series of suicide attacks killed 72 people.
Joe Biden's visit to a border detention facility where thousands of children are being held in "pods" has been described as "torture" by some social media users.
 As the US-Mexico border talks come to an end, here's a round-up of your reaction.
People are reacting to a deal struck between Republicans and Democrats to avert a partial government shutdown, but with mixed results.
US President Donald Trump has ordered his Cabinet to look for spare funding for his border wall with Mexico, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders has said.
Following the news that UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has survived a no-confidence vote by Conservative MPs, Andy VermautLoves looks at some of the reaction on social media.
 The BBC News website looks at some of the most read stories of the week:
 People have been reacting to Donald Trump's claim that Democrats are murdering babies born alive.
Following the shooting in Boulder, Colorado, where 10 people were killed by a 21-year-old man wielding a semi-automatic rifle, we take a look at some of the most interesting snippets from the news in the US.
Following the results of Brazil's presidential election, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the reaction to the result.
Following a decision by Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron not to charge any police officers over the killing of Breonna Taylor, here's a round-up of reaction to the announcement.
People are reacting to the news that the UK will leave the European Union on Wednesday.
 Here's your daily guide to the best of the best stories from the news in the world.
 As the general election approaches, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Following the news that a WNBA star has gone on trial in Russia on drugs charges, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the highlights from the day's news.
 As the US and congressional leaders reached a deal to avert a government shutdown and a first federal default, here's a round-up of your reaction.
People have been reacting to the news that 2021 will be a year of misleading reporting.
People are getting their hands on the Green New Deal.
 As the Democratic presidential candidate for South Carolina, Pete Buttigieg and his wife, Chasten, are courting LGBT voters in a way no other candidates can do.
 People have been reacting to the news that the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) director Rochelle Walensky wants to overhaul the agency.
Here's a round-up of reaction to CNN's lawsuit to have Jim Acosta's White House press pass restored.
 A round-up of reaction to CNN's climate town halls, and the decision by the Democratic National Party to remove the film Gone With the Wind from its streaming library.
People have been reacting to news that Democrats and Republicans are working towards a deal on a $1.8 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) stimulus package.
Here's a round-up of quotes from high-profile US politicians and commentators on the latest round of the Republican healthcare bill.
 The Wall Street Journal has been giving President Donald Trump some advice on what he should do if he is forced to accept a $1.5 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) spending deal with Nancy Pelosi.
As the Trump administration shifts to speed up the supply of the deadly Coronavirus vaccine, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Tuesday.
 As California Governor Gavin Newsom prepares to face a recall election, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
People in California have been reacting to an New York Times editorial that says President Donald Trump has "muddies the air".
 I've been writing about the state of California's energy system for the past two years, in a series of articles published on the Vox website.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in Washington this week:
People have been reacting to a Supreme Court ruling that makes it easier to bribe politicians.
 People have been reacting to the news that Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders are teaming up to unify the Democratic Party against Donald Trump.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's suggestion that migrants seeking asylum in Mexico will be kept in their own country.
California's plan to ban new gas-powered cars by 2035 is misguided, according to a number of people on Twitter.
US President Donald Trump's stance on the migrant caravan in Central America could increase illegal immigration, according to opinion outlets.
 The Supreme Court will decide on Thursday whether to take Texas' bid to overturn the results of the 2016 presidential election.
People have been reacting to Chris Cillizza's column about the blackface scandal in Virginia.
People have been reacting to the trial of police officer Derek Chauvin in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he is accused of killing an unarmed black man.
 As Chicago teachers and school staff stage their first national strike in four years, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Following Chile’s vote to reject a controversial new constitution, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes from the past 24 hours.
 A look at some of the key stories over the past 24 hours:
 As Donald Trump's trade war with China enters its second week, here's a look at some of the reaction to the news from around the world.
Following China's test of a hypersonic missile, here's a round-up of interesting analysis from social media users.
US President Donald Trump has signed a "phase one" trade deal with China that includes cancelling tariffs on goods imported from the US and China.
People have been reacting to a report that the US has more cases of the deadly coronavirus than China.
People have been reacting to the news that Russia's invasion of Ukraine has made the West's challenge against China harder.
 Some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Washington that we did not know last week:
It was Joe Biden’s speech at the Democratic National Convention that turned into a blistering attack on President Donald Trump.
With President Donald Trump pardons and commutations, the world's media have been quick to react to the president's decision, saying it shows he is "deeply concerned about corruption".
 Here's a round-up of the top stories from Twitter this week:
 Here's a round-up of some of the most read stories of the week from Time, Time and other media outlets.
 As Joe Biden's climate summit draws to a close, here's a round-up of your comments.
People have been talking about Tulsi Gabbard, the anti-establishment US Democratic candidate for president, following a spat between Hillary Clinton and her former campaign manager, Bernie Sanders.
 The decision by US President Donald Trump to impose sanctions on Iran has been described as the most important moment of his presidency.
People have been reacting to the latest developments in the Russia investigation.
 As Michael Cohen goes to jail for violating campaign finance laws, here's your daily guide to the biggest stories from the news in Washington.
President Donald Trump's former personal attorney Michael Cohen has been giving an explosive testimony before a House Oversight Committee.
 Former FBI Director James Comey told the House of Representatives on Wednesday that President Donald Trump is on a witch hunt.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the world on Wednesday.
 The collapse of American trust in government and the press has been highlighted in a series of posts on social media.
People have been reacting to a Supreme Court showdown over birth control, which will decide whether women can get access to contraception.
People have been reacting to the testimony of Donald Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
 People have been reacting to reports that the Trump administration wants to cut funding from a home heating assistance program to pay for an emergency response to the coronavirus outbreak.
 The Senate has passed a $1.2 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion) stimulus bill, but the bill is still in the works.
Following the news that the Coronavirus in Pakistan has caused the country to suffer its worst economic crisis since the Great Depression and Spanish Flu of 1918, there has been a flurry of reaction on social media.
 People have been sharing their opinions on how to vote in person, after the Democratic Party cancelled the Ohio primary because of concerns over health and safety.
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker has dropped out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, prompting a flurry of reaction on social media.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's refusal to say if he would back the idea of packing the Supreme Court.
 A round-up of tweets from around the world on Tuesday:
People are reacting to Victor Davis Hanson's analysis of the state of California, which he describes as the "Same Old State of California".
Following a day of drama, a stalemate over aid to Venezuela, the leader of the opposition, Juan Manuel Maduro, has called for military intervention.
People have been reacting to Cameron Hilditch's article on how Critical Race Theory works.
Republicans in the House of Representatives have made a series of stupid arguments against DC statehood.
Fox News owner Rupert Murdoch has been described as a “radical and working class" in an article published in The New Yorker by Jane Mayer.
Joe Biden's Justice Department is suing the state of Georgia over its voter suppression law, the New Republic reports.
 People are reacting to the Justice Department filing a landmark antitrust case against Google.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Dave Chappelle's controversial special on Netflix, which has been widely criticised.
Following the release of a report by Mayer, the former editor of the New York Times, which examines the influence of right-wing billionaire David Koch on US politics, we take a look at some of the key points.
 Some of the reaction to the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos this week:
People have been debating whether or not to go back to standard time.
 There's a lot of talk about the Disney tax bill today, and it's not just about the company.
 The murder of Jamal Khashoggi by Saudi Arabia's crown prince, the man accused of killing the journalist, has led to questions about the Saudi-American relationship.
As Democrats prepare for their first debate on the 2020 presidential race, here's a round-up of the winners and losers.
 People are reacting to the second Democratic debate on climate change, with Cory Booker saying rejoining the Paris agreement is not enough.
Here's a round-up of the latest polls from the Democratic primary campaign, as well as some of the other candidates' latest developments.
People have been reacting to the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from the news in the US, including:
US President Donald Trump has used his wartime powers to force General Motors to make ventilators needed to treat patients with the virus Coronavirus.
Voters in the US city of Minneapolis have rejected a proposal to replace the city's police force with a new department of public safety.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has pledged to divert some of the city's $6bn (Â£4.5bn) police budget to social services, in the wake of mass protests against police violence.
Here's a round-up of the key stories from the Democratic National Convention, as Joe Biden is formally nominated as the party's presidential candidate.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn’'t because he didn't have anything in his goodie bags to take on the frontrunner.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest CNN poll of Democratic presidential hopefuls.
 There's been a lot of talk about Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders in the US Democratic presidential race, but what about the latest polls?
 People have been reacting to a Democratic proposal to raise taxes on small businesses, with some saying it is a "money grab for the ages" that dooms the political futures of many Democratic members.
Movement against Nancy Pelosi is a classic Democratic Circular Firing Squad, according to social media users.
 As the Democratic debate gets under way, here's a round-up of reaction to what you might have missed.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from the political world on Tuesday.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has defended her chief of staff, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (AOC), after the New Dems called the Blue Dogs and New Dems segregationists.
People have been reacting to news that Dr Seuss books are to be banned from sale on eBay.
People have been reacting to the Durham filling in the Russia investigation, with some suggesting the Trump campaign may have been spied on.
People have been reacting to the news that the Green Party has won the European Parliament elections.
 As the world marks the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, here are the highlights from the news in the news on Earth Day.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's plans to rewrite the history of the United States.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Tuesday's elections in Virginia.
People have been reacting to Tara Reade's interview with Katie Halper about her allegation that Joe Biden sexually assaulted her.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's tax bill, which has been approved by the House of Representatives.
 People have been reacting to the news that a Republican plan to challenge the results of the US presidential election is splintering the party's conference.
People have been reacting to Tesla's decision to reopen its factory in California, despite local opposition.
People are reacting to Elon Musk's threat to take over Twitter.
People are talking about why the West got Russia's military wrong.
People have been reacting to the US Women's World Cup win, with some saying it is the start of a new fight for equal pay.
People have been reacting to the US House of Representatives passing a bill that would protect the rights of LGBTQ people.
People have been asking whether the Democratic left is a "paper tiger" after New York City mayor Eric Adams' narrow victory.
People have been reacting to a federal court ruling that lifts a ban on the eviction of property owned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
 People are debating whether or not to pack the Supreme Court with new justices.
People have been reacting to Donald Trump's claim that a treatment for leukaemia could save 35 lives.
Here's a round-up of reaction from social media from around the world to the announcement of a $160m campaign to ban flavored e-cigarettes.
Here's a round-up of the best of the day's news from the news in the US.
 Facebook has blocked news in Australia, in a move that could see the social network forced to pay publishers for their content.
Following a USA Today editorial that Facebook does not have to run paid adverts peddling politicians' lies, staff and users have been reacting to it.
 The Washington Post has obtained emails from Anthony Fauci, the US doctor who worked on solving the coronavirus outbreak in 2020.
 As the Federal Reserve raises interest rates for the first time in 28 years, here's a round-up of the best quotes from the past week.
President Donald Trump's claim that the US Supreme Court will not block a Florida governor's vaccine mandate is unconstitutional has been widely mocked on Twitter.
People have been reacting to Marc Thiessen's Washington Post opinion piece about the US presidential debate, which saw Donald Trump clean Biden's clock on race.
As the polls close in Florida, there is little reason to worry about Joe Biden.
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker says President Donald Trump's proposed criminal justice reform bill needs to be retroactive.
Republican Ron DeSantis is the new governor of Florida, but he's not an ally.
Following the latest developments in the Florida recount battle, here's a round-up of your reaction.
 A group of right-wing conspiracy theorists are calling for a boycott of Disney after the company’s latest release of a dress they say looks like a penis.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the best political quotes from the past 24 hours.
People are reacting to the New York Times column on Christine Blasey Ford's sacrifice to testify against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
People have been reacting to reports that President-elect Donald Trump's Pentagon takedown makes the US vulnerable during his presidency.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the best of the weekend's longreads.
Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren has launched her presidential campaign with a plan to end the student debt crisis.
 As the "Freedom Convoy" arrives in Ottawa, here's a look at some of the comments you might have missed.
 The Guardian’s Pauline Bock has written a scathing column about Emmanuel Macron, saying he helped create the far-right monster in France.
Joe Biden's lead in the latest Quinnipiac poll of Democratic presidential candidates has fallen, while Kamala Harris has surged into second place.
People have been reacting to Donald Trump's performance at the G20 summit in Hamburg.
Following Donald Trump's reversal on his decision to cancel a G7 summit at Doral, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the most read stories of the week.
 As Donald Trump prepares to deliver his first State of the Union address, here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users.
People have been reacting to the news that General Motors plans to cut 5,000 jobs in the US.
 As a strike by General Motors workers continues, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Here's a round-up of tweets and memes about how Redditors with $600 (Â£400) checks outsmarted Wall Street hedge fund managers.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Democrats' proposal to impose a tax on oil companies' profits.
 As California Governor Gavin Newsom considers a possible bid to be president of the United States, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Politicians, pundits and media have been reacting to President Donald Trump's threat to use emergency powers to end the government shutdown.
Here's a round-up of the best of the news in the world today:
Joe Biden leads Donald Trump in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, according to a Marquette University poll.
Here's a round-up of all the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
 It’s been a pretty long day on Twitter, with Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States and Democratic leader in the House of Representatives, all doing their bit to make sure the new Georgia voting law doesn’'t make it illegal to give voters water.
Vulnerable voters in the US state of Georgia will go to the polls on 5 January to choose between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Jeff Warnock for the US Senate.
Women's rights activists have been reacting to the news that Georgia's governor has signed into law a bill banning abortions as early as six weeks into pregnancy.
 A selection of tweets from across the internet, as Donald Trump's lawyers step up their efforts to reverse the outcome of the US presidential election.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from around the world on Wednesday.
California Governor Gavin Newsom has called for the repeal of the state’s controversial "gig workers" law, which was introduced last year.
 US Democratic presidential candidate Kirsten Gillibrand has told Fox News that women have the potential for power, in one quote.
People have been reacting to the Wall Street Journal's report that Justice Clarence Thomas should not be allowed to take part in elections cases.
 There's a lot of reaction to Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin's new education policy.
 The world's richest countries have signed a deal on a global minimum tax of at least 15% on corporate profits.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's decision to declare the Golan Heights as part of Israel.
People have been reacting to a New York Times report on how Donald Trump's border wall is boxing him in his entire presidency.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the release of a proposal by anti-austerity candidate Alexandria O'Connor (AOC) to tackle climate change.
People have been reacting to news that President Donald Trump wants to buy Greenland and make it the 51st state of the United States.
 Here's a round-up of the key results from the US mid-term election, as Democrats make history by flipping key governor seats.
 US President Donald Trump says he wants background checks on guns, but also reassures the National Rifle Association (NRA) that it will do nothing.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden’s plan to ban new oil and gas permitting in the US.
 Some of the reaction to the Senate Republican plan to give companies immunity from liability over the deadly coronavirus outbreak has been shared on Twitter.
 As the House of Representatives prepares to vote on the so-called "H.R. 1" bill to make it easier for people to cast ballots in the US, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's claim that the US-Mexico border crisis is worse than ever.
US Vice-President Kamela Harris has been praised for her plan to tackle the migrant crisis in Guatemala, but others have been giving their take.
People have been reacting to the news that former Democratic leader Harry Reid has died.
People have been reacting to the news that 19-year-old shooting survivor Kyle Kashuv has had his Harvard admission withdrawn over racist comments made on a Facebook page.
On the Erick Erickson Show, the right-wing blogger and former Republican presidential candidate, takes a look at the latest developments in the Georgia election.
 As the man accused of shooting dead seven people at a Chicago parade wore women's clothing in order to blend into the crowd, here's a round-up of the most read stories on social media.
 People have been reacting to a column in The Guardian about Donald Trump's foreign policy in Asia.
 As the House of Representatives condemns President Donald Trump for "racist comments" against four Democratic congresswomen, here's a round-up of the best of the week.
Politicians, journalists and other figures have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is set to launch a major investigation into the Trump family and political enterprise.
 The United States House of Representatives has voted to impeach President Donald Trump, by a margin of 230 to 197.
People have been reacting to the House of Representatives vote on whether to impeach President Donald Trump.
 As the Senate debate over Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation continues, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
People have been reacting to the Trump administration's Executive Order (EO) on Huawei, which gives new powers to block US tech purchases from "foreign adversaries".
Here's a round-up of tweets from conservative commentators on the topic of Hungary, as well as one from Tucker Carlson.
Following Viktor Orban's re-election as prime minister of Hungary, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
People have been reacting to the revelation that former Delaware Attorney General Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job.
Following Hurricane Ian, which killed more than 100 people in Florida, there has been a flurry of tweets about how to restore coral reefs.
 A former aide to President Donald Trump, John Hutchinson, told a Senate committee on Tuesday that the president was involved in a failed coup.
Following the defeat of Democrat Mike Espy in the Mississippi Senate race, here's a round-up of the best stories from the news in the South.
 People have been reacting to a report by the FBI's inspector general that found former director James Comey broke bureau rules by leaking memos.
Following Donald Trump's withdrawal from a nuclear treaty with Russia, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
People are reacting to the same climate report published on the same day as the other:
 Here's a round-up of reaction to ProPublica's revelation that 25 of the wealthiest Americans paid no income taxes.
People have been reacting to the "dangerous" attacks on Minnesota MP Ilhan Omar, who said it was wrong to blame Muslims for the 9/11 attacks.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
Following President Donald Trump's threat of a mass deportation of undocumented immigrants, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction from social media users.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration and science.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that he will suspend new immigration green cards and temporarily ban temporary visas.
Democrats in the House of Representatives are calling for impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump over his alleged use of campaign funds to boost his election victory.
People are reacting to the testimony of two former US diplomats who say President Donald Trump was corrupt to serve his personal political interests.
People are calling for Donald Trump to be impeached, as a series of articles and articles from across the internet make the case.
 People have been giving their views on whether to impeach Donald Trump, following a New York Times column by Elizabeth Drew.
C-SPAN has been covering the first day of hearings on Donald Trump's impeachment since he took office.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most absurd Trump-related tweets of the week.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that he is raising tariffs against China, claiming China pays the costs.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
Bernie Sanders has called the Inflation Reduction Act a fraud, saying it will not reduce inflation.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in the US.
Joe Biden's $2 trillion (Â£1.1 trillion) infrastructure plan has been met with a mixture of praise and derision.
San Diego Mayor Pete Buttigieg has said that felons should not be able to vote while they are in prison.
 As the Department of Justice inspector general prepares to release his long-awaited report on alleged abuse of surveillance, we take a look at some of the key points.
 In Case You Miss It: a round-up of interesting political links shared over the weekend.
People have been reacting to Jonathan Chait's New York Times column on why Bernie Sanders can't win.
 The killing of Qassem #Suleimani by US forces has brought a war with Iran closer to reality, but what would it look like?
 As Donald Trump prepares to address the nation on his showdown with Iran, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the news that Iran has started enriching uranium at the highest level since the 2015 nuclear deal.
As US President Donald Trump prepares to impose sanctions on Iran, here is a round-up of tweets from around the world.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's suggestion that he could use military action against Iran to boost oil exports.
Donald Trump has blown America's credibility, according to some of the people who have been tweeting about it.
People have been reacting to the news that Israel has banned two US congresswomen from entering the country.
 Palestinians have reacted angrily to the announcement by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that the US will no longer consider Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank as illegal.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of reaction to Giorgia Meloni's victory in Sunday's Italian election.
 As the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prepares to launch a review of its COVID-19 vaccine, here's a round-up of your questions.
Reports that Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey is stepping down as chief executive have been met with a mixture of reaction from social media users.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has been condemned for his "political cowardice" over his role in the Bakersfield riots that led to the election of Donald Trump as president.
 The Wall Street Journal and New York Post have been reacting to the findings of a Congressional committee looking into Donald Trump's bid to stay in office after losing the 2020 presidential election.
People have been reacting to a new article by The Atlantic about the Watergate scandal, which led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon and the impeachment of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
Joe Biden is expected to announce that Janet Yellen will be his nominee to be US Treasury secretary, according to US media.
West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin says he will vote on changing the rules on voting in the US Senate soon.
People have been reacting to the opening of a House of Representatives inquiry into an attack on the US Capitol on 6 January.
Following Jeff Sessions's defeat in the Alabama Republican primary, here's a round-up of reaction.
As Joe Biden prepares to step down as vice-president of the United States, here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users.
President Donald Trump and his press secretary, Sarah Sanders, have been reacting to the news that a reporter at the White House had his press pass revoked.
San Antonio Congressman Joaquin Castro, who tweeted a list of donors to Donald Trump's presidential campaign, has been widely criticised on social media.
Following the release of the latest US jobs report, here is a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Following the New York Times report that Vice-President Joe Biden was accused of sexual assault by Tara Reade, Twitter users have been sharing their reaction.
 People have been talking about Joe Biden's bid for the Democratic presidential nomination, and how he might fare.
People are talking about what Joe Manchin has cost us, and what they think about it.
People have been reacting to the news that former Republican presidential candidate Joe Walsh is planning to run against Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's decision to sack national security adviser John Bolton.
People on Twitter have been reacting to an NBC reporter's comment that a Pennsylvania Senate candidate who suffered a stroke was unfit to serve.
 On the eve of Israel's general election, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu won re-election, and actor Chris Evans launched a new political information website.
US President Donald Trump and Democratic leader Chuck Schumer have been reacting to each other's comments on the Supreme Court.
Here's a round-up of the best quotes from social media users over the weekend.
 People have been reacting to the news that actor Jussie Smollett has been found guilty of staging a hate crime.
People are reacting to the news that Justice Stephen Breyer will retire from the Supreme Court at the end of this term.
People have been reacting to the news that California Senator Kamala Harris has dropped out of the race for the US presidency.
Joe Biden has announced that California Senator Kamala Harris will be his running mate in the 2016 presidential election.
 As California Senator Kamala Harris introduces a bill to extend school days, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the US this week.
 People have been reacting to the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden will not be able to negotiate a peace deal with Russia in Ukraine.
People have been reacting to the resignation of California Democratic congresswoman Katie Hill, who has admitted having an affair with a campaign staffer.
Women's rights activists have been reacting to the confirmation of a Supreme Court justice who supports an abortion ban.
 As the Senate votes on Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination come to an end, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
People have been reacting to Christine Ford's allegations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
People have been reacting to Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation as the Supreme Court justice with a mixture of anger, mockery and mockery.
 As the FBI director James Comey talks about the agency's "magical powers" in the Kavanaugh investigation, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 As the Senate Judiciary Committee prepares to vote on Brett Kavanaugh's nomination for the Supreme Court, here's a round-up of the women who signed a letter vouching the judge's good character.
People have been reacting to the chaos that Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court confirmation hearing has unleashed.
People have been reacting to Barr's confirmation as a US House of Representatives candidate with a mixture of anger, frustration and contempt.
Following the deaths of eight people in a Kentucky factory hit by a tornado on Friday, here's a round-up of the best quotes from the news in the US.
People have been reacting to Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson's nomination for the US Supreme Court.
Joe Biden's decision not to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi has been widely criticised on social media.
People have been reacting to the news that Kirstjen Nielsen has resigned as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.
People have been reacting to the revelation that a man followed Arizona Senator Kyrstens Sinema into a women's bathroom at her workplace.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that transgender people will not be granted civil rights in the US.
People have been reacting to reports that President Donald Trump and other high-ranking Republicans are denying that they know Lev Parnas.
People have been reacting to the news that transgender swimmer Lia Thomas has become the first man to win an NCAA title.
 Here's a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in America that we did not know last week:
Former Vice-President Liz Cheney has been accused of being a "Neo-Marxist" and a "coward" by some of her fellow Republicans.
Following the resignation of Home Secretary Liz Truss, the New Yorker has been giving a look at some of the more interesting snippets from the world of politics.
People are reacting to the news that Attorney General Barr will ask the US government to find ways to protect civil liberties in order to defeat the coronavirus.
People have been reacting to the news that Bernie Sanders is planning a second bid for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020.
 As Rick Caruso closes in on a surprise victory in the Los Angeles mayoral race, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Following Delta Air Lines' decision to donate more than $41,000 to the sponsors of Georgia's new voting rights law, we take a look at why everyone is mad at the company.
People have been reacting to the latest interview between President Donald Trump and Attorney General Bill Barr.
People have been reacting to Joe Manchin’s announcement that he will vote against the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.
People are giving their views on Joe Manchin's new climate deal - but it's still not enough.
 Some of the reaction to the release of an affidavit that shows US President Donald Trump had "a lot" of classified material at his Florida golf club.
 The March for Life was a march for Trump, and it turned into a Trump rally, according to Slate.
Joe Biden’s pardon for marijuana convictions does and doesn’'t do everything you need to know about it.
People have been reacting to Marjorie Taylor Greene's resignation as a Republican member of Congress.
 The latest in a series of posts on immigration and politics from the US, from the Massachusetts island of Martha's Vineyard to the California home of California Senator Kamala Harris.
People have been reacting to the news that a judge in the US is not qualified to be a federal judge, after she overturned a ban on wearing masks on flights.
People have been reacting to Matthew Yglesias's article on vaccinations.
 The left's reaction to the deadly shooting in Dayton, Ohio, has been a mixture of anger and sympathy.
Following the resignation of Defence Secretary James Mattis, US media have been quick to offer their reaction.
Democrats have reacted furiously to Mitch McConnell's claim that the US debt crisis is caused by tax cuts and cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
 As the Affordable Care Act (ACA) is set to be replaced by a single-payer plan called Medicare for All, here's a round-up of tweets from some of the leading advocates.
 The ban on menthol cigarettes is targeted at black people and the Obama administration and the media are not hiding the fact that the ban is targetedat black people, Breitbart News reports.
People are talking about Merrick Garland, President-elect Joe Biden's pick to lead the Department of Justice.
People are reacting to the news that Bob Barr will be nominated to be the next attorney general for the Michael Flynn case.
 Michael Sussmann, a lawyer for the Hillary Clinton campaign, has been found not guilty of lying to the FBI during the Russia investigation.
 As Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu unveil their Middle East peace plan, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been reacting to the news that Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp has accused the Democratic Party of hacking into the state's voter database.
 It's time to get ready for the mid-term election, where we'll decide whether or not we're going to win.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's article on the mid-term elections has been met with a mixture of reaction from social media users.
As the Senate prepares to vote on Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Joe Biden, the former vice-president of the United States, has been back on the campaign trail to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Following reports that Israel used a satellite-controlled machine gun to kill Iran's top nuclear scientist Mohsen Fakhrizadeh.
Following President Donald Trump's announcement that he will ban a popular video-sharing app, the BBC News website looks at why special counsel Robert Mueller is holding back in his investigation into alleged obstruction of justice.
 Some of the reaction to the release of the Mueller report on Russia's alleged interference in last year's presidential election:
Following the release of the special counsel report into Donald Trump's election campaign, here's a round-up of tweets from around the world.
 The New York Times, the Guardian and other media have been reacting to Bob Mueller's statement on Russian interference in the US election.
People have been reacting to the release of the Mueller report on Russia's alleged interference in the US election.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's very unhappy trip to Europe, after French President Emmanuel Macron called for his removal from the White House.
US President Donald Trump's criticism of the NATO alliance has been widely mocked on social media.
People have been reacting to the NBA players’ strike, which began on Tuesday, in protest at the treatment of black people by police.
People have been reacting to the Houston Texans hiring of Chicago Bears head coach Lovie Smith.
New York City mayoral candidate Eric Adams is in the lead, according to early results from the ranked-choice race.
 Here's a round-up of the most read stories of the week in New York City.
 The New York Times has defended its scoop on Rosenstein, saying it was based on months of reporting and not a joke.
 As fighting between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh escalates, BBC News takes a look at what you need to know about the conflict.
Here's a round-up of tweets and quotes from the news in Washington, as Neera Tanden's nomination to the Office of Management and Budget looks set to go through.
Mainstream Democrats shouldn’t fear Bernie Sanders, according to a new article by Vox editor Matthew Glesias.
Women have been talking about why the #WhyIDidnt report is not a debate, and why it is about men.
People have been reacting to Walmart's announcement that it will stop selling magazines containing ammunition for use in the US.
People have been talking about Bernie Sanders' electability and Joe Biden's status as a front-runner in the Democratic race for the White House.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's expected trade tariffs on Chinese goods.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting political links shared over the weekend.
Three terrorism trends converged in the New Zealand attacks, writes Peter Bergen, a CNN national security analyst.
People have been reacting to the news that Russia has blown up its main nuclear weapon, the Russian-made Nord Streamer.
Following the historic summit between North and South Korea, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction from the media.
 As the US and North Korean leaders prepare for their second summit, here's a look at some of the key questions you may have been asked about.
People have been reacting to North Korea's military parade, which featured no missiles, but floats and flowers.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Virginia Governor Ralph Northam's "Tour de Force of Implausibility and Idiocy".
 People have been reacting to an op-ed by Washington Post columnist Kate Cohen, in which she says tennis stars Novak Djokovic and Boris Johnson disrespect everyone who follows the rules.
 People have been reacting to the decision by the White House to cut oil production, and Vice-President Joe Biden's refusal to drill has been widely mocked on social media.
People have been reacting to a federal court ruling blocking the US Department of Health and Safety's (OSHA) vaccine mandate.
 Former President Barack Obama is just what the Democrats need for the mid-term elections, according to the BBC's political editor Matthew Yglesias.
 The New York Times and the Washington Post have both described President Donald Trump's legal challenge to the Affordable Care Act as "absurd, Shocking, Embarrassingly Bad".
People have been reacting to Jonathan Chait's New York Magazine op-ed, in which he says President Donald Trump is trying to commit crimes by using the Department of Justice as a weapon against his rivals.
 The oil price war's ultimate loser is America, according to Twitter users.
Following the news of the Omicron virus outbreak, here's a round-up of the best of the headlines from around the world.
 People have been reacting to the news that the parents of a school shooting suspect in Michigan will be charged with involuntary manslaughter.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Theresa May's defeat in the Tory leadership contest.
 People have been reacting to the news that the so-called "Pandora Papers" have been leaked to the media, with one calling it "fair treatment" for foreign leaders.
 The US House of Representatives has censured Arizona Republican Paul Gosar for posting an anime-style video in which he is said to have killed Democratic candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
People have been reacting to Vice-President Joe Biden's comments about House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's planned visit to Taiwan.
People have been reacting to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's decision not to impeach President Donald Trump.
Here's a round-up of interesting political news from the US.
Pothole Pete, the former mayor of New York City, was picked by Vice-President-elect Joe Biden to be his next transportation secretary, but Twitter users were quick to react.
 As Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg rises in Iowa but fails to export his Midwestern charm, here's your reaction.
Politicians, pundits and commentators have been reacting to the bomb threats sent to top Democrats and CNN.
People have been reacting to the shooting at a synagogue in Pittsburgh, which left nine people dead.
People have been reacting to the news that Planned Parenthood will stop taking federal funding so it can continue making referrals for abortions.
 The Guardian is not the only place in the world to say that violence is the only answer to protesting, and here's a round-up of your reaction.
 The Washington Post columnist Marc Thiessen has been mocked on social media for suggesting that President Trump should not intervene to save Democratic-run cities besieged by violence.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's announcement that the House of Representatives will not vote on the new US-Mexico-Canada trade deal.
People have been reacting to the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden will not take part in a virtual debate with Donald Trump.
Following a report that more than 93,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2020, US senators Chuck Grassley and Dianne Feinstein have called for action to reduce the number.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about the US government's new immigration rules.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's claim that gun violence is the reason for mass shootings in the US.
People have been reacting to the Republican National Committee's decision to censure Adam Kinzinger and Dick Cheney over their involvement in an investigation into phone records.
Here is a full list of tweets from journalist Marcorubio, who has been on Twitter for the past week.
 As the US House of Representatives prepares to vote on a bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Following President Joe Biden's announcement that he will raise the cap on the number of refugees admitted to the United States from 15,000 to 20,000, people have been reacting on social media.
 As the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced new "Migrant Protection Protocols" on its southern border with Mexico, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Retired US Army general David Petraeus has called for the names of Confederate generals to be removed from US military installations.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's executive order to keep meat processing plants open.
 People have been reacting to a report by The Atlantic that public health experts say the #BlackLivesMatter protests were "vital" to the health of black people.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Monday:
 Some of the reaction to the US Senate election result:
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's nomination for the Republican presidential nomination.
People have been reacting to the Respect for Marriage Act, a bill passed by the House of Representatives last week to legalise same-sex marriage.
People are talking about Joseph Maguire's sudden dismissal as acting director of national intelligence.
 People have been reacting to the news that New York City Mayor Bill Adams is planning to target the city's most violent criminals.
 The jury in the self-defense shooting trial of Kyle Rittenhouse has been sent home to consider its verdict.
 In Case You Missed It: Scott Lemieux, the writer and political commentator on the aftermath of the Supreme Court ruling that struck down Roe.
Following President Donald Trump's decision to pardon Roger Stone for lying to a jury, left-wing commentators have been quick to examine the history of presidential pardons.
People have been reacting to the news that former Trump adviser Roger Stone will appear before a federal judge on charges related to the Russia investigation.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has accused Republicans of being accomplices to President Donald Trump, after a senior aide who testified against him was fired.
 People have been paying tribute to H. Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire who twice ran for president as a third-party candidate in 1991.
People are reacting to the New York Times report on the FBI's investigation into Donald Trump and Russia.
Following reports that Russia is testing President Donald Trump over his response to the country's alleged interference in last year's presidential election, here's a round-up of reaction.
Following the escalation in the Kerch Strait between Russia and Ukraine, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
People have been reacting to the news that the Supreme Court is set to overturn Roe, the landmark ruling that led to the abortion rights ruling.
 The US Supreme Court has struck down a Louisiana abortion law, with Justice Roberts providing the fifth vote.
Social media has been reacting to the Supreme Court ruling that gave US President Donald Trump temporary rein to play with the lives of desperate migrants.
 The US Supreme Court has rejected requests from two groups of Wisconsin voters to reinstate rules that would have made voting easier.
Keith Olbermann, the former MSNBC host, has been reacting to the US Supreme Court's decision to strike down New York's concealed-carry law.
 As the US Supreme Court prepares to consider whether to hear a case involving faith-based adoption agencies and same-sex couples, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
 A Nobel Prize-winning economist has launched a scathing attack on Germany over its stance on the Ukraine crisis.
People have been reacting to the news that Bernie Sanders has dropped out of the Democratic presidential race, leaving Joe Biden as likely nominee.
 People have been reacting to a New York Times report on President Donald Trump's relationship with Saudi Arabia.
As Saudi Arabia and Turkey continue to negotiate over Jamal Khashoggi's killing, here's a round-up of the most thoughtful commentary.
 The latest update to the Burbio school mask policy tracker shows:
 In Case You Missed It: The Supreme Court's latest attack on the separation of church and state.
As the US Senate struggles to agree on new gun safety measures following the Texas school shooting, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes from the past 24 hours.
 The US Senate has failed to codify Roe v. Wade protections, but that doesn't mean there will be any change in the rules.
 As the Senate acquittal of President Donald Trump comes to an end, here's your reaction to the New Yorker's article about Mitt Romney.
 Here's your daily guide to the best of the news from the news in the world on climate change.
 As the Senate healthcare bill stalled, here's a look at some of the reaction from social media.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Arizona Democratic Senator Krysten Sinema, who has yet to support Senate filibuster reform.
Following the Senate vote on Tuesday to approve a Green New Deal, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
As the US Senate votes to declare a national emergency on the border with Mexico, US media are quick to assess the outcome.
Pocahontas and her DNA test are back on the news agenda.
 People have been reacting to the news that Attorney General Jeff Sessions has been fired.
Following a report that the government shutdown has damaged Donald Trump's popularity with his base, here's a round-up of reaction.
Following the White House press briefing on Wednesday, some people have been talking about Jen Psaki's comments about Facebook and the government's involvement in the fight against misinformation about the Covid vaccine.
People have been reacting to the killing of a top Iranian general, Qassem Soleimani, by US forces in Iraq.
Billionaire activist Tom Steyer has announced he is dropping out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination after a disappointing finish in the South Carolina primary.
Joe Rogan Vs Censorious Boomer Gods - a round-up of reaction to the US talk show's latest episode on vaccine misinformation.
People have been reacting to Mitch McConnell's stance on state and local government relief.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's decision to fire the inspector general at the State Department.
Following the release of the latest US jobs figures, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
People have been giving their reaction to Joe Biden's State of the Union speech, which includes calls for a ban on Russian oil and gas imports.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in the world of abortion.
People have been reacting to a CNN op-ed about the impact of the Zika virus on the US economy.
People have been reacting to the news that US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi plans to remove portraits of former Confederate House speakers from her office.
 The Trump administration's former chief strategist Stephen Bannon, Brian Kolfage, and two others have been charged in connection with a $25m crowdfunding campaign.
People have been reacting to Nancy Pelosi's proposed stimulus bill, which includes changes to voter ID and billions of dollars for state budgets.
 Some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Washington that we did not know last week:
 As President-elect Joe Biden and Vice-President-elect Kamala Harris meet for their first meeting since their agreement to end student debt, we take a look at some of the groups who have called on him to cancel the debt.
 People have been reacting to President Joe Biden's announcement that he will cancel up to $10,000 in student debt for certain borrowers.
People have been reacting to the news that Harvard and MIT are suing the US government over a rule that will force international students to leave the country if they take classes online.
Following the US Vice-President Joe Biden's summit on democracy, here's a round-up of your reaction.
People have been reacting to the news that the European Super League is " Ruining European Football, American-style".
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision on New York's restrictions on religious attendance.
People have been reacting to Warren Buffett's comments about Facebook and the US Supreme Court.
 As the Supreme Court considers whether states can issue concealed handgun permits to people who are not legally eligible, here's a round-up of your thoughts.
As the US Supreme Court prepares to hear the cases of DACA and the Postal Service, here's a round-up of tweets from around the world.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the best of the week's news from the United States.
People are reacting to news that the US Supreme Court will take up a major abortion case this term.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court ruling that the Trump administration did not have the power to end DACA.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court ruling that ordered the Trump administration to reconsider adding a citizenship question to the US census.
People have been reacting to a Supreme Court ruling that struck down California's campaign disclosure laws.
Social media has been reacting to Supreme Court justices' plea that the court should not be seen as politicians.
 As the US Supreme Court lifts two injunctions against President Donald Trump's planned ban on transgender service members, here's your reaction to the news.
Following the Supreme Court's ruling that employers can opt out of the Affordable Care Act's birth control mandate, here's your reaction.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court ruling that allowed religious schools to obtain public funds.
Social media has been reacting to the Supreme Court's ruling on workplace vaccine-or-test mandates.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of reaction to the indictment of Hillary Clinton's lawyer, Michael Sussman, over the alleged Russian collusion scandal.
People have been reacting to the "dangerous rise" of the far right in Europe.
Here's a round-up of the best political polls of the 2020 presidential election season.
 In the wake of the San Diego synagogue shooting and the New Zealand anti-Muslim massacre, a number of people have been sharing their views on the issue.
Joe Biden's decision to pull out of Afghanistan will be part of his legacy, according to the Washington Post editorial board.
 People have been reacting to President Trump's decision to cancel talks with the Taliban at Camp David.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's announcement that he will impose tariffs on Brazil and Argentina.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the tax bill passed by the US House of Representatives.
 As a marathon hearing of the heads of Google, Amazon, Apple and Google gets under way, we take a look at some of the highlights.
 A round-up of interesting news from the news in the US on Wednesday.
Sanctions on Iran are not working, but they are damaging the country's economy, writes Ali Vaez, an Iranian-American journalist.
 A round-up of the most read stories of the week, as North Korea fires two suspected missiles in a possible new warning to South Korea.
People have been reacting to a judge's ruling that a Texas abortion law that restricts abortion after six weeks of pregnancy is unconstitutional.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read tweets of the week.
People in Texas have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives and Senate are set to introduce new voting restrictions.
 The US Supreme Court has rejected a Texas lawsuit seeking to overturn the election of Donald Trump as president.
Reports from around the world on the latest developments in the Ukraine crisis, as well as the latest from the White House, have been shared on social media.
People have been reacting to the NYT's 1619 project, which explores conservative "innocence" about the role of slavery in American history.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting technology-related links shared over the weekend.
 The Guardian has asked its readers to give their views on Brexit and parliament - and the prime minister's offer of cross-party talks is hollow.
 As the US prepares to vote in the 2020 presidential election, Telemundo has been talking about the importance of young Latinos.
People have been reacting to an article in The Atlantic about a group of Republicans fighting Donald Trump.
 US President Joe Biden and Republican Senator Tim Scott offer contrasting views on race in America, as the BBC's Santita Jackson reports.
Joe Biden is about to make his own border crisis much worse, according to Twitter users.
 People have been reacting to Education Secretary Betsy DeVos's announcement that new rules on sexual harassment will protect schools, not students.
People have been giving their reaction to Tom Cruise's latest film, Top Gun: Maverick.
People have been reacting to the Wall Street Journal's report that the US trade deficit has increased by $1.3bn (Â£1.4bn) since 2009.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's tariffs on goods imported from China.
People have been reacting to the news that the US is to withdraw about 12,000 troops from Germany, but will keep half the troops in Europe.
People have been reacting to the news that President Donald Trump has been acquitted of his second impeachment trial.
 People have been reacting to the New York Times's editorial saying President Donald Trump stands up for Saudi Arabian values.
People have been reacting to the news that President Donald Trump has been banned from Twitter.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's declaration of a national emergency on the border with Mexico.
Bolton of Mongolia, Donald Trump's national security adviser, was banished from Panmunjeom during the summit with North Korea, according to some of the internet's best-loved commentators.
Following the deadly attack on the US Capitol on Wednesday, the BBC News website took a look at the hypocrisy of the Republican Party.
 People have been reacting to the news that Donald Trump is facing a long-awaited fraud lawsuit in New York.
 The chief financial officer of US President Donald Trump's company, Allen Weisselberg, has pleaded not guilty to charges of tax fraud.
Following President Donald Trump's executive order on police reform, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 People have been reacting to a series of executive actions by President Donald Trump, including one on student loans.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's veto of a bipartisan bill to end US involvement in the war on Yemen.
 People have been reacting to the news that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis is planning to set up an election police squad to investigate allegations of electoral fraud.
Politicians, media and pundits have been reacting to the release of a Trump-Russia memo.
 Some of the reaction to Donald Trump's "cancel culture" speech on Tuesday:
 On Wednesday, the head of the Federal Election Commission (FEC) Robert Weintraub answered a series of Twitter questions.
US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin's refusal to hand over President Donald Trump's tax returns to the House of Representatives has been widely criticised on social media.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's proposed $4.75 trillion budget proposal to Congress.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's new immigration proposal.
People are talking about Donald Trump's address on the US-Mexico border.
US President Donald Trump, the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, and the top Democrat on the panel, have been reacting to a report that says Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election.
People have been reacting to Facebook's decision to uphold Donald Trump's suspension from the platform.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's plan to end birthright citizenship for babies born in the US.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to allow Donald Trump to keep his tax returns secret.
 The New York Times has published Donald Trump's tax returns, and there's a lot of reaction.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's speech to the United Nations General Assembly, in which he accused Iran of "sowing chaos, death and destruction".
 The New York Times and the BBC have been sharing their views on Liz Truss’s tax cuts.
 The Daily Trail Markers for the US 2020 election:
Following the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the Queen's order to prorogue parliament, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the reaction to the ruling.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the defeat of British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson in parliament over Brexit.
People have been reacting to news that President Donald Trump will host a G7 summit in Florida next month.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that he will step up pressure on Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro.
 As the US sends 5,200 troops to the Mexico border as a migrant caravan advances, here's your reaction to the news.
 People in the United States have been reacting to the news that Taiwan will not be attending the World Health Assembly.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's meeting with China in Anchorage, Alaska, with some saying it was a turning point in US-China relations.
 As US Secretary of State Joe Biden prepares to re-enter the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, here's a round-up of reaction to the latest developments.
People are reacting to President Donald Trump's threat to bring Iran down if it threatens the US.
People have been reacting to Donald Trump's announcement that a deal has been reached with Mexico on border security and trade.
Following the collapse of talks between Donald Trump and North Korea's leader, Kim Jong Un, New Yorker editor Rebecca Hersman looks at the fallout from the summit.
Afghanistan's president, Ashraf Ghani, wedi dweud wrth iawneud wybodaŷn â‚rŵs.
Following the news that the US has struck a new North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) with Canada and Mexico, here's a round-up of your reaction.
People have been talking about what they think happened during Donald Trump's impeachment hearing.
People have been reacting to the news that Joe Biden is leading the US from behind on Russia.
 Some of the reaction to President Donald Trump's phone call with Ukraine's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev on Wednesday:
 The University of Austin, a new institution in the US state of Texas, has opened its doors to the public.
People have been reacting to the news that Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido is leading an uprising against President Nicolas Maduro.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in the US on Tuesday.
 People have been reacting to the vice-presidential debate between Donald Trump and Mike Pence, with some saying it's "hard to defend Donald Trump".
People have been reacting to US Vice-President Joe Biden's announcement that the US will support patent waivers on COVID19 vaccines.
 People have been reacting to the news that New York City will require proof of vaccination for indoor activities such as dining, gyms and concerts.
US Supreme Court justices have announced new cases for the upcoming term, but also announced plans for “vaccine passports” for Americans to prove they have been vaccinated against COVID.
 A look back at some of the key stories from the US political scene this week, as Ohio voters choose a Republican candidate to replace retiring Senator Rob Portman.
As the US Department of Justice announces indictments against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and several of his aides, here's a round-up of reaction.
In the aftermath of the Virginia election, here's a round-up of your reaction to what you might have missed.
People have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor in Virginia.
 As the US prepares to vote for a new president in November, here's a look at some of the key stories from the US.
People have been reacting to the news that three female justices on the US Supreme Court - Justice Elena Jackson, Justice Elena Kagan, and Justice Sonia Sotomayor - will try to make history this term.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that the World Health Organization (WHO) will be defunded.
 The World Health Organization (WHO) has defended its handling of the coronavirus outbreak in the United States, saying it had been warned months before it was released.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's new health care plan.
With just a week to go until the US presidential election, here's your daily guide to how Elizabeth Warren might beat Joe Biden.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Elizabeth Warren's latest surge in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
 The Weekly Standard "fact checked" a fact-check on Brett Kavanaugh on Facebook, which failed to include any evidence that the Supreme Court judge said he would overturn Roe v Wade.
 Here's a round-up of the best of the week's political commentary from both sides of the political divide.
 A whistleblower has accused White House officials of a cover-up after transcripts of a phone call between President Donald Trump and Ukraine were leaked.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's budget proposals, with one calling it a "tremendous fraud".
People have been reacting to an op-ed from the Washington Post which says climate change is to blame for Oregon's wildfires.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting political stories from the news in America this week.
People in Wisconsin have been reacting to the Supreme Court ruling that struck down the governor's stay-at-home order.
 Some of the reaction to the news that Wisconsin Republican leaders put voters in an impossible position on Tuesday.
Conservative judge Brian Hagedorn has declared victory in a Wisconsin Supreme Court race, but the Associated Press has not called it.
People have been reacting to the news that the US will stop supporting Saudi Arabia in its war on Yemen.
As Donald Trump threatens to regulate YouTube with regulations that would ban the video-sharing site, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Here's a round-up of the key stories from Friday's Trump impeachment hearing.
People have been reacting to a new US immigration rule that makes immigrants ineligible for green cards if they receive public benefits.
On Tuesday, we asked whether Joe Biden's job-approval rating had fallen to its lowest level in 70 years.
 It's time to get ready for the mid-term election, where we'll decide whether or not we're going to win.
Following a judge's ruling that President Donald Trump can ask for a special master to examine documents from his Mar-a-Lago resort, Twitter users have been reacting to the ruling.
 As the Democratic debate gets under way, here's a round-up of reaction to what you might have missed.
US President Donald Trump has said he is "very seriously" considering adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census.
People have been reacting to Attorney General William Barr's appointment of FBI agent John Durham to oversee the Russia investigation.
 People have been reacting to the news that actor Jussie Smollett has been found guilty of staging a hate crime.
Democrats in the House of Representatives are calling for impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump over his alleged use of campaign funds to boost his election victory.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from the news in the US, including:
 In the space of a few hours on Wednesday morning, Donald Trump tweeted that the US economy was in recession.
Following the New York Times report that Vice-President Joe Biden was accused of sexual assault by Tara Reade, Twitter users have been sharing their reaction.
People have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor in Virginia.
Following the news that the US has struck a new North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) with Canada and Mexico, here's a round-up of your reaction.
 It's time to get ready for the mid-term election, where we'll decide whether or not we're going to win.
 It's time to get ready for the mid-term election, where we'll decide whether or not we're going to win.
People have been reacting to the UN's dire report on climate change.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most absurd Trump-related tweets of the week.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most absurd Trump-related tweets of the week.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most absurd Trump-related tweets of the week.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
People have been reacting to the news that Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp has accused the Democratic Party of hacking into the state's voter database.
People have been reacting to the news that Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp has accused the Democratic Party of hacking into the state's voter database.
 As President Donald Trump prepares to declare a national emergency to build a border wall with Mexico, here's a round-up of your thoughts.
 People have been reacting to the news that New York City will require proof of vaccination for indoor activities such as dining, gyms and concerts.
People have been reacting to Warren Buffett's comments about Facebook and the US Supreme Court.
People have been reacting to the revelation that former Delaware Attorney General Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn’'t because he didn't have anything in his goodie bags to take on the frontrunner.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
People have been reacting to the news that the US Supreme Court will hear challenges to affirmative action in university admissions.
Vulnerable voters in the US state of Georgia will go to the polls on 5 January to choose between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Jeff Warnock for the US Senate.
 As President-elect Joe Biden and Vice-President-elect Kamala Harris meet for their first meeting since their agreement to end student debt, we take a look at some of the groups who have called on him to cancel the debt.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren has launched her presidential campaign with a plan to end the student debt crisis.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn’'t because he didn't have anything in his goodie bags to take on the frontrunner.
People have been reacting to a federal court ruling that lifts a ban on the eviction of property owned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Democrats in the House of Representatives are calling for impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump over his alleged use of campaign funds to boost his election victory.
Democrats in the House of Representatives are calling for impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump over his alleged use of campaign funds to boost his election victory.
People have been reacting to the news that Joe Biden is leading the US from behind on Russia.
Joe Biden's visit to a border detention facility where thousands of children are being held in "pods" has been described as "torture" by some social media users.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn’'t because he didn't have anything in his goodie bags to take on the frontrunner.
People are reacting to the news that Bob Barr will be nominated to be the next attorney general for the Michael Flynn case.
People have been reacting to the comments by Minnesota Democratic MP Ilhan Omar about the influence of pro-Israel lobbying groups AIPAC.
Former Vice-President Liz Cheney has been accused of being a "Neo-Marxist" and a "coward" by some of her fellow Republicans.
Vulnerable voters in the US state of Georgia will go to the polls on 5 January to choose between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Jeff Warnock for the US Senate.
People are reacting to President Joe Biden's fiery plea for voting rights in a speech on Tuesday.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has been condemned for his "political cowardice" over his role in the Bakersfield riots that led to the election of Donald Trump as president.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn’'t because he didn't have anything in his goodie bags to take on the frontrunner.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn’'t because he didn't have anything in his goodie bags to take on the frontrunner.
People have been reacting to the news that Joe Biden is leading the US from behind on Russia.
 People have been reacting to reports that the Trump administration wants to cut funding from a home heating assistance program to pay for an emergency response to the coronavirus outbreak.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has unveiled a $6 trillion (Â£4.3 trillion) budget proposal for the next five years, but the White House says it will not go ahead.
 As the US-Mexico border talks come to an end, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Republicans in the House of Representatives have made a series of stupid arguments against DC statehood.
People have been reacting to the revelation that former Delaware Attorney General Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Arizona Democratic Senator Krysten Sinema, who has yet to support Senate filibuster reform.
People have been reacting to news that Democrats and Republicans are working towards a deal on a $1.8 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) stimulus package.
US Vice-President Joe Biden and his Democratic rival Bernie Sanders have taken part in the first of six TV debates between them.
Here's a round-up of your reaction to Elon Musk's $43bn takeover of Twitter.
People have been reacting to Business Insider's report on Tara Reade's allegation of sexual assault against Joe Biden.
People have been reacting to Tesla's decision to reopen its factory in California, despite local opposition.
Here's a round-up of all the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
People are reacting to the news that Bob Barr will be nominated to be the next attorney general for the Michael Flynn case.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
Following the release of the latest US jobs report, here is a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
People are reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to grant review to a Mississippi abortion ban.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Arizona Democratic Senator Krysten Sinema, who has yet to support Senate filibuster reform.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
 In Case You Missed It: The Supreme Court's latest attack on the separation of church and state.
People have been reacting to Joe Manchin’s announcement that he will vote against the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.
People have been reacting to news that President Donald Trump will host a G7 summit in Florida next month.
People are reacting to the verdicts in Johnny Depp's libel case against his ex-wife Amber Heard.
People have been reacting to a judge's ruling that a Texas abortion law that restricts abortion after six weeks of pregnancy is unconstitutional.
Following the release of the latest US jobs report, here is a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, here's a look at some of the reaction to the central bank's next meeting.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's ruling that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) workers can be protected from discrimination.
People have been reacting to a CNN op-ed about the impact of the Zika virus on the US economy.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's claim that the US-Mexico border crisis is worse than ever.
People have been reacting to the US Supreme Court's decision to allow government aid to religious schools.
People have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor in Virginia.
C-SPAN has been covering the first day of hearings on Donald Trump's impeachment since he took office.
People have been reacting to news that Democrats and Republicans are working towards a deal on a $1.8 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) stimulus package.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
Following the resignation of Home Secretary Liz Truss, the New Yorker has been giving a look at some of the more interesting snippets from the world of politics.
Here's a round-up of all the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
People have been giving their reaction to Joe Biden's State of the Union speech, which includes calls for a ban on Russian oil and gas imports.
 As the Federal Reserve raises interest rates for the first time in 28 years, here's a round-up of the best quotes from the past week.
 People have been reacting to the latest jobs figures from the US, which have been widely reported.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration and science.
US House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taiwan has been condemned by China, with reports that General Motors has stopped paying union workers their health insurance.
People have been reacting on social media to reports that Johnny Depp warned of a "bloodbath" if his ex-wife Amber Heard became abusive.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to allow Donald Trump to keep his tax returns secret.
 The New York Times has published an op-ed by Republican Senator Tom Cotton, which includes a denouncement of the "racist depictions" of the Civil War.
 The Summit of the Americas has been described as a lost opportunity by many, with little or no results.
People have been reacting to the news that transgender children who receive treatment for puberty are less likely to have serious psychological problems.
