Following the results of the European Parliament elections, here is a round-up of reaction from social media.
People have been giving their reaction to Bill Barr's confirmation hearing as the next attorney general.
 TheSummit of the Americas has been described as a lost opportunity by many, while others say it was a wasted opportunity.
People have been reacting to Gordon Sondland's testimony at the House of Representatives impeachment inquiry.
Tesla has resumed production at its California plant, despite a dispute with local officials over whether the company can reopen.
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker has dropped out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, prompting a flurry of reaction on social media.
New York Mayor Bill Adams' plan to tackle crime has been met with a mixture of praise and criticism.
Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States, is facing tests in the Middle East, and here are some of the reactions on social media.
US President Donald Trump has used wartime powers to force General Motors to make ventilators needed to treat patients with the virus Coronavirus.
Following the latest developments in the Trump-Russia investigation, here's a round-up of the most read tweets of the day.
As the Senate prepares to vote on Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Following the ceasefire in Gaza, here's a round-up of the most read stories on social media this week.
Following the arrest of Huawei's chief financial officer in Canada on suspicion of violating sanctions against Iran, here's a round-up of reaction from around the world.
 People have been reacting to the news that actor Jussie Smollett has been found guilty of staging a hate crime.
 The Daily Trail Markers for the US election campaign have been posted on Facebook, Reddit and other social media sites.
Following the defeat of Democrat Mike Espy in the Mississippi Senate race, here's a round-up of the best stories from the news in the South.
People have been reacting to the news that top US infectious disease official Anthony Fauci is stepping down from government posts.
People have been reacting to the news that Russia's invasion of Ukraine has made it harder for the West to counter China.
People have been reacting to reports that Vice-President Joe Biden has chosen Lloyd Austin, the first Black Pentagon chief, as his secretary of defence.
Following the release of a Justice Department inspector general's report into alleged abuse of surveillance warrants, a number of tweets and videos have been shared over the past 24 hours.
As the Republican National Committee censured Adam Kinzinger and Dick Cheney over their involvement in the phone-hacking scandal, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been talking about why Amazon workers in Alabama rejected unionization.
As the US Department of Justice announced a series of indictments against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and several of his aides, here's a round-up of the key headlines.
 As the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced new "Migration Protection Protocols" on its southern border with Mexico, here's a round-up of your reaction.
 The Wisconsin Supreme Court's ruling on the stay-at-home order from Governor Scott Walker has been widely shared on social media.
Following the San Diego synagogue shooting and the New Zealand anti-Muslim massacre, here's a round-up of reaction to a powerful piece by @MazMHussain on how white supremacy threatens Muslims and Jews alike.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and Russia's President Vladimir Putin have held their first face-to-face talks, but the two sides did not agree on a nuclear deal.
Joe Biden’s decision to pull out of the war in Afghanistan will be part of his legacy, according to the Washington Post.
 The New York Times has been giving its reaction to Christine Blasey Ford's testimony against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's performance in Tuesday's Democratic debate, as well as the news that Hillary Clinton's lawyer was cleared of lying to the FBI.
Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's executive order to keep meat processing plants open.
Following Hurricane Ian, which killed more than 100 people in Florida, there has been a flurry of tweets about the importance of coral reefs.
People have been reacting to a Supreme Court ruling that invalidates California's law requiring charities to disclose their donors.
People have been reacting to an op-ed by Washington Post columnist Kate Cohen, in which she says tennis stars Novak Djokovic and Boris Johnson disrespect everyone who follows the rules.
 The Supreme Court has declined to reinstate rules that would have made it easier for voters to cast ballots in Wisconsin.
People have been reacting to an op-ed from the Washington Post saying that Oregon's forest policies and political indifference were to blame for the state's wildfires.
Here's a full transcript of the exchange between Attorney General William Barr and a Democratic congressman on Roger Stone's sentencing.
 Some of the reaction to President Trump's comments about the deadly coronavirus that killed more than 1,000 people in the US last year.
 As California Governor Gavin Newsom says he wants to run for president in 2024, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
California Governor Gavin Newsom has called for the repeal of the state's controversial "gig workers" law.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Elizabeth Warren's surge in the polls for the Democratic presidential race.
Here's a round-up of the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
 The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has issued a series of updates about the new COVID19 vaccine.
Following the latest developments in the Florida recount battle, here's a round-up of what you might have missed.
People have been reacting to the news that Bernie Sanders has dropped out of the Democratic presidential race, leaving Joe Biden as likely nominee.
 A federal judge in Texas has ruled that the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, is unconstitutional.
People have been reacting to the sentencing of Donald Trump's former campaign strategist Roger Stone, who was sentenced to 40 months in prison.
As Joe Biden says he no longer supports a ban on federal health care money for abortions, here's a round-up of tweets from the left and right.
Here are the key points in Donald Trump's latest trade deal with China.
As Donald Trump raises tariffs against China, the left-wing media have been quick to respond to the president's comments.
People in Virginia have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor.
 As Texas Governor Greg Abbott prepares to step down in 2021, Mother Jones looks at why Beto O'Rourke's bid is a moonshot and how his party would be even worse off without him.
 The left and the right have been reacting to the Democratic defeat in Virginia, with one saying: "One Lesson of Virginia? The Culture War Still Works."
 As the Supreme Court prepares to hear oral arguments on the separation of church and state, here's a look at some of the quotes you may have missed.
Joe Biden has been accused of creating a crisis on the border by cramming thousands of migrants into "pods" at the largest border detention facility in the US.
Following the revelation that former Delaware Attorney General Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
US President Donald Trump's press secretary, Sarah Sanders, has said the White House is not looking for new funding for his border wall with Mexico.
 Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the New Yorker this week:
People are getting their hands on the Green New Deal.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that immigrants who receive public benefits will be barred from entering the US.
On Wednesday, US Vice-President Joe Biden announced that California Senator Kamala Harris, the first Black woman on a major party presidential ticket, will be his running mate.
Following the Senate's acquittal of President Donald Trump, the New Yorker's Susan Glasser looks at some of the key points of the impeachment trial.
Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren has been sharing details of her plan to end the student debt crisis on Twitter.
People are making their case for former US ambassador Susan Rice as Joe Biden's running mate.
Joe Biden's response to Warren's attack on the Democratic presidential hopeful on Tuesday was met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
People have been reacting to the interview between President Donald Trump and Attorney General Bill Barr.
People have been reacting to the news that Joe Biden's approval rating is higher than his Republican predecessor Donald Trump after 100 days in the White House.
Here's a round-up of Donald Trump's latest mis-statement about the COVID-19 miracle cure.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the same Climate Report, Different Day by BBC climate expert Holman Jenkins.
People have been reacting to the news that a US judge has struck down the requirement for people to wear masks on flights.
Politicians, business leaders and the media have been reacting to the House of Representatives’s draft tax bill, which includes a 3.8% tax on small businesses.
 People have been reacting to Joe Biden's speech on climate change, and his $2 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion) plan to overhaul the US energy sector.
 This is a round-up of tweets and memes about how a group of Redditors with $600 (Â£400) checks outsmarted Wall Street hedge fund managers.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in Washington this week.
People have been reacting to the news that transgender swimmer Lia Thomas has become the first man to win an NCAA title.
People have been reacting to news that billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer is dropping out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Following the news that French President Emmanuel Macron had called US President Donald Trump "an utter failure and an embarrassment" on his trip to Brussels, here's a round-up of your thoughts.
Here is a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's inauguration as president of the United States.
 It's been an unusual day in the political world, as former US lawmakers Ted Cruz and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez strike a deal to ban former lawmakers from lobbying for life.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's announcement that he wants to spend $1.7 trillion on clean energy and infrastructure over the next 10 years and end carbon emissions by 2050.
 As California Governor Gavin Newsom prepares to face a recall vote, here's a round-up of reaction from the left and the right.
 The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump can keep his tax returns secret, but that does not mean he will get to see them.
Barack Obama is just what the Democrats need for the mid-term election, according to some of the reaction from the internet.
 In the space of a few hours on Twitter, Elie Honig, President Donald Trump's lawyer, Mick Mulvaney, and others have been talking about the absurdity of Trump's impeachment defence game.
Following the bomb threats sent to top Democrats and CNN, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Monday:
 The Guardian has asked its readers to help with its analysis of Theresa May's "red lines" on Brexit.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
Following President Donald Trump's State of the Union address on Tuesday, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Here's a round-up of reaction from around the world to the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos.
People have been reacting to Facebook's decision to uphold Donald Trump's suspension from the social network.
Following Jeff Sessions’ defeat in the Alabama Republican primary, the New Yorker and Twitter have been reacting to it.
Following the defeat of British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson in parliament on Tuesday, BBC News takes a look at some of the reaction from social media users.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy's refusal to hold an inquiry into his party's role in the Bakersfield riot that led to the election of Donald Trump as president has been widely mocked on social media.
 As the US Supreme Court prepares to hear new cases on abortion, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the week.
 As the US Supreme Court prepares to hear a new case involving faith-based adoption agencies and same-sex couples, here's a round-up of your reaction.
As a right-wing attack on the US Capitol continues, US media have been quick to highlight the hypocrisy of the Republican Party.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's proposed $4.75 trillion budget proposal to Congress.
Mainstream Democrats shouldn’t fear Bernie Sanders, according to a new analysis by Vox editor Matthew Glesias.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read tweets of the week.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Joe Biden's handling of the Ukraine crisis.
Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's new immigration proposal.
 As the FBI director James Comey talks about his agency's "magic powers" in the Kavanaugh investigation, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Joe Biden's response to Warren's attack on the Democratic presidential hopeful on Tuesday was met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
 The New Republic reports on the Biden administration’s first major offensive against Republican-led voter suppression in Georgia, as the Justice Department filed a lawsuit against the state.
People are reacting to the news that a new memo from Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says a citizenship question will be added to the 2020 census.
Following the latest developments in the Trump-Russia investigation, here's a round-up of the most read tweets of the day.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin have traded insults on Twitter, with both saying Russia would pay a price for meddling in the US election.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's performance in Tuesday's Democratic debate, as well as the news that Hillary Clinton's lawyer was cleared of lying to the FBI.
 As Arizona Senator Kyrsten Sinema calls for the end of the Senate filibuster, here's a round-up of her tweets.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration and science.
Here's a round-up of the best of the news from the news in the Sun Belt this week.
 As Donald Trump prepares to address the nation, here's a round-up of what you might not have known about him:
 A former aide to President Donald Trump, John Nichols, has told the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee that Trump was involved in a coup in January.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has accused President Donald Trump of a “brazen act of retaliation” after an aide who testified against him was removed from the White House.
Following the New York Times report that Vice-President Joe Biden was accused of sexual assault by Tara Reade, Twitter users have been quick to react.
Republicans in the House of Representatives have come up with a list of the worst arguments they have made against DC statehood.
With Elizabeth Warren's rise to the Democratic race for the White House, here's a round-up of reaction to the Massachusetts senator's plan to get around Joe Biden.
Following the Democratic debate on Tuesday night, here's a round-up of reaction to what you might have missed.
Here's a round-up of the top stories from the news in the US this week:
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's performance in Tuesday's Democratic debate, as well as the news that Hillary Clinton's lawyer was cleared of lying to the FBI.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Democrats' proposal to impose a tax on oil companies' profits.
Following the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden will not be able to negotiate a peace deal with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin in Ukraine, here is a round-up of reaction to the issue.
Social media has been reacting to the news that three female justices on the US Supreme Court - Justice Elena Jackson, Justice Elena Kagan, and Justice Elena Sotomayor - will try to make history this term.
People have been reacting to Nancy Pelosi’s proposed stimulus bill, which includes changes to election law and money for teachers' unions.
Joe Biden has said he is "not a fan" of adding seats to the Supreme Court, but he won't be "packing" it.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's decision not to impeach President Donald Trump has been widely mocked on social media.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Tuesday's elections in Virginia.
Following the US Supreme Court ruling that a Florida governor can impose a vaccine mandate on businesses, there was a flurry of reaction on Twitter.
 The BBC News website looks at some of the key points of Australia's reforms to media regulation.
Following the Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates on Wednesday, here is a round-up of reaction to the event.
 The reaction from across the internet to Walmart's decision to ban magazines containing ammunition and guns has been swift and varied.
Following the controversy over Dave Chappelle's controversial special on Netflix, here's a round-up of your reaction.
 On Wednesday, the head of the Federal Election Commission (FEC) Robert Weintraub answered a series of questions from Twitter users.
Here are the highlights of Douglas MacKinnon's analysis of Donald Trump's most "presidential" moment so far.
As the FBI continues to investigate alleged Russian interference in the US presidential election, here's a round-up of reaction to the latest developments.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Breitbart News editor Nick Nolte, who says a ban on menthol cigarettes is the racist criminalization of black behaviour.
 The Washington Post has obtained emails from Anthony Fauci, the US doctor who worked on solving the coronavirus outbreak in 2020.
Environmental activists in Brazil have reacted with horror and resolve to the election of far-right presidential candidate Jair Bolsonaro.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from around the world on Wednesday.
People have been reacting to North Korea's military parade, which featured no missiles, but floats and flowers.
 There has been a lot of discussion on social media about whether transgender children who receive treatment for puberty are more likely to have psychological problems than their peers.
 The Washington Examiner's Marjorie Taylor Greene, the Republican backbencher who was forced to resign after losing her seat in the House of Representatives, has been widely mocked on social media.
 The Wall Street Journal’s editorial board has called on Justice Clarence Thomas to recuse himself from elections cases because his wife Ginni Thomas has said he should not be involved.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the best tweets from the news in Washington this week.
Following Donald Trump's phone call with Ukraine's Prime Minister, Dmitry Medvedev, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction to the news.
Joe Biden's response to reports that a man had followed Arizona Senator Kyrstens Sinema into a women's bathroom is "just a part of the process", according to Twitter users.
People have been reacting to the news that Planned Parenthood will stop receiving federal funding to make referrals for abortions.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she would back a plan to get rid of the Electoral College.
Joe Biden's response to Warren's attack on the Democratic presidential hopeful on Tuesday was met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
Following the deadly shooting at a Texas school, US media have been quick to offer their reaction.
Following the New York Times report that Vice-President Joe Biden was accused of sexual assault by Tara Reade, Twitter users have been quick to react.
People have been talking about the debate over whether to introduce a new law to make the upcoming daylight savings time change the final one.
People have been reacting to the news that New York City will require proof of vaccination for indoor activities such as dining, gyms and concerts.
 People have been paying tribute to H. Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire who twice ran for president as a third-party candidate in the 1990s.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to CNN's lawsuit against the Trump White House over the removal of reporter Jim Acosta's press pass.
Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren has been sharing details of her plan to end the student debt crisis on Twitter.
 The US Supreme Court's decision on New York's religious freedom ruling on Thanksgiving Eve has been widely shared on social media.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
Following the NBA players’ strike on Wednesday night, social media was full of reaction.
 People have been reacting to the news that the so-called "Pandora Papers" have been leaked to the media, with one saying:
President Donald Trump's former personal attorney Michael Cohen has told a House Oversight Committee that he was told by the president's former lawyer to leave Trump Tower.
 The New Yorker has published an article on Rupert Murdoch's role in helping Donald Trump win the US presidential election.
 As Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu unveiled their Middle East peace plan, here's a round-up of reaction.
 As Donald Trump threatens to adjourn both houses of Congress, here's a round-up of reaction to the president's threat.
 In Case You Miss It, here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Donald Trump's latest flip-flops.
People have been reacting to the news that a group of Democrats is calling for Nancy Pelosi to be replaced as speaker of the House of Representatives.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest Washington Post opinion.
 The US Supreme Court's decision on Tuesday to allow government aid to religious schools, repudiating the 1st Amendment's ban on the establishment of religion, has been widely condemned on social media.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Twitter users about Joe Biden, the vice-president's failure to address the migrant crisis on the US-Mexico border.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has pledged to divert some of the city's $6bn (Â£4.5bn) police budget to social services, in the wake of mass protests against police violence.
Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's "Trillion-Dollar Choice" with the Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi.
Social media has been reacting to President Joe Biden's fiery speech on voting rights, in which he called Republicans cowardly and committed to changing the Senate rules.
Corey Lewandowski's refusal to testify at a House hearing about obstruction of justice has been widely mocked on social media.
Here's a round-up of reaction from the political media, as a new poll suggests Republican voter enthusiasm has spiked amid the Kavanaugh confirmation fight.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the tax bill passed by the US House of Representatives.
People have been reacting to the Wall Street Journal's report that the US trade deficit has risen to $1.3 trillion (Â£1.6bn) - but there is no need to panic.
 The new University of Austin in Austin, Texas, has been described as “an anti-woke university” by some left-wing commentators.
People have been reacting to the news that Democrats and Republicans have agreed on a bipartisan deal to help the US economy.
Following the release of the latest US jobs figures, here's a round-up of the best and worst of the news from social media.
As the World Health Organization (CSD) prepares to launch its response to the deadly norovirus outbreak in the US, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the US this week.
People have been reacting to Cameron Hilditch's article on Critical Race Theory (CRT).
US President Donald Trump has recasts history where everyone's to blame but one person - but only one person.
 People have been reacting to the resignation of California Democratic congresswoman Katie Hill, who has admitted having an affair with a campaign staffer.
Following a Democratic proposal to tax billionaires to fund President Joe Biden's social-policy and climate-change agenda, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction from social media users.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in Washington this week:
Here's a round-up of reaction to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's plan for a new voting system that would require voters to show identification before casting their ballots.
West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin and Democratic leader Chuck Schumer have been talking about voting rights in the Senate.
Following the Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates on Wednesday, here is a round-up of reaction to the event.
The reaction to Joe Biden's meeting with China in Alaska has been a mixed bag.
People have been reacting to Business Insider's report on Tara Reade's allegation of sexual assault against Joe Biden.
Three terrorism trends have converged in New Zealand, where two mosques were shot dead on Friday, according to CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen.
Joe Biden has been accused of creating a crisis on the border by cramming thousands of migrants into "pods" at the largest border detention facility in the US.
 People have been reacting to the news that actor Jussie Smollett has been found guilty of staging a hate crime.
 As the US and congressional leaders reached a deal to avert a government shutdown, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Following the mass shooting at a massage parlor in Atlanta, there has been plenty of reaction on social media.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Supreme Court's decision on the right to carry guns.
Following the release of Robert Mueller's report on Trump and the collapse of American trust, here's a round-up of reaction.
Following the revelation that Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp has accused the Democratic Party of hacking into the state's voter database, there's been a flurry of reaction on social media.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
 The chief financial officer of US President Donald Trump's company, Allen Weisselberg, has pleaded not guilty to charges of tax fraud.
 On Tuesday, the US Senate confirmed Judge Amy Coney Barrett as the 115th justice on the Supreme Court.
People have been reacting to the news that the House of Representatives is debating a border funding bill that differs from the Senate version.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting political links shared over the weekend.
Following a marathon antitrust hearing by four of the world's biggest technology companies, US Congressman Jim Jordan has released a series of quotes from the hearing.
 As the Supreme Court begins its deliberations on whether to appoint Barr to be the next attorney general, here's a round-up of your reaction to the latest developments in the Michael Flynn case.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's veto of a bill to end US military involvement in Yemen.
Donald Trump has blown America's credibility over the issue of Iran, according to US media.
 As the US Senate passes a bill to raise the federal government's debt limit, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
 As Michael Cohen goes to jail for violating campaign finance laws, here's your daily guide to the most read stories of the week.
Delta Air Lines has come under fire for its support of Georgia's new voting rights law, which was signed into law on Tuesday.
 People have been reacting to the news that the US state of Georgia has banned abortions after six weeks.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the indictment of Hillary Clinton's lawyer, Michael Sussman, over the alleged Russian collusion scandal.
Donald Trump's tax returns have come under intense scrutiny, and there's been plenty of reaction online.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in Asia this week.
People have been reacting to news that Dr Seuss books are to be banned from sale on eBay.
Here's a round-up of reaction to The Guardian's article about the riots in the US.
US Democratic presidential candidate Kirsten Gillibrand has been talking about women in politics, in a town hall with Fox News moderator Chris Wallace.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's budget proposal, which has been widely condemned as a "tremendous fraud".
Politicians, pundits and pundits have been talking about why politicians shouldn't always be purged over past blackface incidents.
 As the teachers' strike in Chicago enters its third day, here's a round-up of reaction.
 The latest in a series of anti-immigrant stunts by Republican governors has been shared widely on social media.
Former Vice-President Liz Cheney's resignation from the House of Representatives was met with a barrage of tweets from both left and right.
Social media has been reacting to the Supreme Court's ruling on workplace vaccine-or-test mandates.
Joe Walsh, the right-wing Republican presidential hopeful, has said he will run against Donald Trump in the 2020 election.
 The Atlantic and the New York Times have both been giving their views on whether former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg should run for president.
People have been reacting to a White House proposal to rescue the US economy in the wake of a deadly virus.
 The Taliban have ruled out taking part in intra-Afghan peace talks until the Afghan government releases 5,000 prisoners.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to order a do-over on a citizenship question in the US census.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden has used his first joint address to Congress to call for a $4 trillion (Â£3.3 trillion) spending plan, warning Congress that China is closing in on the US.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's plan to end birthright citizenship for babies born in the US.
Following reports that the government shutdown has damaged Donald Trump's popularity with his base, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about the Anita Hill scandal, as Brett Kavanaugh's accuser prepares to testify.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Jonathan Chait's New York Magazine op-ed on the "Obamagate" conspiracy:
Republican Ron DeSantis is an ally to the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community, according to his former campaign manager Carl Smith.
People have been reacting to the news that California Senator Kamala Harris has dropped out of the race for the US presidency.
Politicians, pundits and media have been reacting to President Donald Trump's threat to use emergency powers to end the government shutdown.
 As the suspected gunman in the Highland Park mass shooting in Illinois surrendered to police, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key stories from the past week.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to President Trump's plans to rewrite American history.
People have been reacting to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's 60 Minutes interview with Anderson Cooper.
Donald Trump's decision to replace Joseph Maguire as acting director of the National Security Agency (DNI) with a loyalist has been met with a flurry of reaction on social media.
Following the news that General Motors has stopped paying for health insurance for striking workers, the UAW and other unions have been reacting to the news on social media.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Chris Evans' announcement that he is launching a new political information website.
Joe Biden's response to Warren's attack on the Democratic presidential hopeful on Tuesday was met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
 As the US Supreme Court lifts two injunctions against President Donald Trump's planned ban on transgender service members, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been reacting to Amazon's decision to raise its minimum wage to $15 (Â£12) an hour in the US.
Following a report by Telemundo, the Spanish-language TV network, and a Buzzfeed survey showing 71% of young Latinos are motivated to vote by the coronavirus pandemic, we take a look at some of the key quotes and quotes from the media.
Women's rights activists have been reacting to the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, with one calling him the "Handmaid's Court".
People have been reacting to the killing of a top Iranian general, Qassem Soleimani, and the threat of US troops being expelled from Iraq.
Following the revelation that former Delaware Attorney General Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Bernie Sanders' campaign says he has raised more than $4m (Â£3.3m) in the first 12 hours since announcing his candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination.
People have been reacting to the trial of police officer Derek Chauvin in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he is accused of killing an unarmed black man.
As US President Donald Trump continues to impose sanctions on Iran, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key points of his strategy.
 As the Trump administration shifts to speed vaccinations, here's a look at some of the key points.
 The New York Times has defended its scoop on Rosenstein, saying it was not a joke and that its sourcing was based on months of reporting.
 People have been reacting to the news that the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) director Rochelle Walensky wants to overhaul the agency.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Wisconsin Republican leaders putting voters in an impossible position.
 As the House of Representatives prepares to launch an investigation into President Donald Trump and his associates, here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in Washington this week.
Following the Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates on Wednesday, here is a round-up of reaction to the event.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
Following the historic summit between North and South Korea, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the reaction from the media.
Here is a full list of tweets from journalist Marcorubio, who has been on Twitter since Tuesday.
People are reacting to the news that the US is to withdraw about 12,000 troops from Germany, but will keep half the troops in Europe.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Twitter users about Joe Biden, the vice-president's failure to address the migrant crisis on the US-Mexico border.
William Barr, President Donald Trump's nominee to be the next attorney general, is facing questions from both Democrats and the New York Times.
 The US Supreme Court has asked the Trump administration to enter the abortion fray, after New York enacted new protections for abortion rights.
 The left's reaction to the deadly shooting in Dayton, Ohio, has been a mixture of anger and sympathy.
Here's a round-up of key quotes from Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris as she takes questions at a CNN town hall.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
Following the news that the US has struck a new North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) with Canada, Mexico and the United States, here's a round-up of reaction.
 On Tuesday, the New York Times wrote a column about why Bernie Sanders can't win.
 Former FBI Director James Comey, who gave a closed-door testimony to the House of Representatives on the Russia investigation, has been mocked on Twitter by Republicans and Democrats.
Following the Supreme Court ruling that Boris Johnson acted illegally when he asked the Queen to prorogue parliament, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the reaction to the ruling.
People have been reacting to Christine Ford's allegations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's deal with Mexico on border security.
People have been giving their reaction to Tom Cruise's latest film, Top Gun: Maverick, and it's been a mixed bag.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the US this week.
President Donald Trump and White House press secretary Sarah Sanders have been reacting to reports that a reporter was assaulted during a press conference in January 2017.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's decision to fire the inspector general at the State Department.
Here's a round-up of tweets from right-wing blogger Erick Erickson, as well as some from the left, about the Herschel Walker story.
At least 60 people, including 12 US service members, have been killed in suicide attacks outside Kabul airport, officials say.
 On Wednesday, a group of advocacy groups called on President-elect Joe Biden and Vice-President-elect Kamala Harris to cancel federal student debt.
Disney’s response to a right-wing conspiracy post about Minnie Mouse's dress has been widely shared on the internet.
 As the Supreme Court begins its deliberations on whether to appoint Barr to be the next attorney general, here's a round-up of your reaction to the latest developments in the Michael Flynn case.
 People have been reacting to the news that the Trump administration wants to cut funding for the emergency response to the coronavirus outbreak in the US.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Joe Biden's handling of the Ukraine crisis.
 As Donald Trump prepares to take office as US president, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the comments from the public about the president's planned military takedown.
Following President Donald Trump's announcement that he would ban the popular video-sharing app TikTok from the US, the BBC News website looks at why special counsel Robert Mueller is holding back.
People have been reacting to Joe Manchin’s announcement that he will vote against the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.
Following the release of the latest US jobs figures, here's a round-up of reaction.
As the World Health Organization (CSD) prepares to launch its response to the deadly norovirus outbreak in the US, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 The case for and against Joe Biden's bid for the Democratic presidential nomination, as well as his early polling numbers, have been shared widely on Twitter.
Here's a round-up of the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
 As the White House releases a press briefing on the Covid vaccine scare, there's a lot of discussion about what's going on and what's not.
Following Chile’s rejection of a controversial new constitution, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes from the past 24 hours.
 In Case You Miss It: a round-up of the best of the week's news.
 The latest in a series of posts on Elizabeth Warren's claim that she is Native American has been widely shared online.
People are calling for Donald Trump to be impeached, as a series of articles and articles from the right and the right have been shared on social media.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to uphold a Trump administration regulation that lets employers limit women's access to birth control coverage.
Joe Rogan’s controversial podcast has been accused of damaging public trust in medical research and undermining the credibility of medical advice.
Following the deadly shooting in Boulder, Colorado, the US media have been reacting to the news that a 21-year-old man has been charged with 10 counts of murder.
Here's a round-up of tweets from the right-wing media over the past few days:
Following a series of executive actions by US President Donald Trump, here's a round-up of what you might have missed.
 Here's a round-up of your reaction to Elon Musk's takeover of Twitter.
 The New York Times has written an editorial about civil liberties in a time when the deadly coronavirus is spreading around the US.
Here are the key dates and dates for the Georgia Senate run-off elections on 5 January 2021.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Andy Ferguson's article on The Lincoln Project, which was published in The Atlantic this week.
As President Donald Trump announces a 60-day pause on immigration green cards, people have been reacting to it on Twitter.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's performance in Tuesday's Democratic debate, as well as the news that Hillary Clinton's lawyer was cleared of lying to the FBI.
Following the Alabama governor's signing of a ban on abortions, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Brexit is finally happening, but the complicated part is just beginning, as the UK prepares to leave the European Union.
Following the unclassified report into the murder of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi, US Vice-President Joe Biden and other commentators have been reacting to the report.
Here's a round-up of quotes from Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren, who threw down the gauntlet on Wednesday night's first debate.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
As US President Donald Trump prepares to impose sanctions on Iran, here is a round-up of interesting analysis.
Former Vice-President Liz Cheney's resignation from the House of Representatives was met with a barrage of tweets from both left and right.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
People have been reacting to the confirmation of Barr as a US House of Representatives candidate with a mixture of anger, outrage, and a sense of deja vu.
People are talking about the Democratic left's defeat in New York City's mayoral race and whether it is a "paper tiger".
Following a USA Today editorial that said Facebook did not have to run paid ads peddling politicians' lies, here's a round-up of your views.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest CNN poll of Democratic presidential hopefuls.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's summit on democracy.
People have been reacting to the US House of Representatives passing a bill that would protect the rights of LGBTQ people.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has said he will not take part in a virtual debate with Donald Trump, after his campaign said he would not be taking part.
 As the US House of Representatives prepares to vote on a bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
People have been reacting to the latest developments in the Russia investigation.
Here are the key dates and dates for the Georgia Senate run-off elections on 5 January 2021.
Following Donald Trump's withdrawal from a nuclear treaty with Russia, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy's refusal to hold an inquiry into his party's role in the Bakersfield riot that led to the election of Donald Trump as president has been widely mocked on social media.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is expected to announce on Wednesday that the US will no longer consider Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank as illegal.
People have been reacting to the Houston Texans hiring of Chicago Bears head coach Lovie Smith.
Social media users have been reacting to the Senate passing a bill to protect Supreme Court justices amid protests against abortion rights.
As Donald Trump and his legal team step up their efforts to reverse the outcome of the US presidential election, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Politicians, media and pundits have been reacting to the release of a classified memo by the FBI and the Department of Justice that casts doubt on President Donald Trump's Russia investigation.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's speech to the United Nations General Assembly, in which he accused Iran of "sowing chaos, death and destruction".
 The murder of Jamal Khashoggi by Saudi Arabia's crown prince has led to a series of tweets, some of which have been published in the past few days.
Following the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden has struck a deal with Democrats on a $1.75 trillion (Â£1.1 trillion) spending package, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key points.
Following President Donald Trump's threat to deport millions of undocumented immigrants, the BBC News website looks at some of the reaction from social media users.
People have been reacting to a New York Times editorial that says President Donald Trump is muddling the air.
 The Democratic National Party (DNC) has said its climate town halls were better than the debates, but what was the party afraid of?
 The left-wing media has reacted angrily to an NBC reporter's comment that a Pennsylvania Senate candidate who suffered a stroke should not be asked about his fitness for office.
 As the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prepares to approve the use of Ivermectin to prevent the coronavirus COVID-19 in animals, here's a round-up of tweets and memes.
People have been reacting to US Vice-President Joe Biden's announcement that the US is backing patent waivers on COVID19 vaccines.
 The Associated Press has released details of the search at President Donald Trump's Florida golf resort, where documents were seized in the investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the US election.
 As the first exit polls from Sunday's Italian election came in, here's a round-up of reaction to Giorgia Meloni's victory.
 People have been reacting to Joe Biden's announcement that he will appoint two Latinos and a woman to his national security team.
Following the news that WNBA star Brittney Griner is to go on trial in Russia on drug charges, we take a look at some of the most read stories from the past week.
 The US Supreme Court is considering a case brought by Texas to try to overturn the results of the 2016 presidential election.
Tesla has resumed production at its California plant, despite a dispute with local officials over whether the company can reopen.
Following the results of Brazil's presidential election, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes, quotes and quotes.
Joe Biden is about to make his own border crisis much worse, according to the media.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the announcement by Vice-President Kamela Harris that Guatemala is the best chance to fix the US immigration problem.
Joe Biden's response to Warren's attack on the Democratic presidential hopeful on Tuesday was met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
People have been reacting to the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker says President Donald Trump's proposed criminal justice reform bill needs to be retroactive.
Following the release of the latest US jobs figures, here's a round-up of reaction.
Joe Biden’s pardon for marijuana convictions does and doesn’'t do everything he did, as well as everyone else who knows.
 Here's a round-up of the top political stories from the news in Washington this week.
US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin's refusal to hand over President Donald Trump's tax returns to the House of Representatives has been widely criticised on social media.
Following the deadly shootings in El Paso and Dayton, US President Donald Trump said: "Guns are the problem."
People have been reacting to Israel's decision to ban two US congresswomen from entering Israel.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been re-elected for a second term, but the results have been widely criticised.
 The Senate has passed a $1.2 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion) stimulus bill, but the bill is still in limbo.
Here's a round-up of the latest election forecasts from FiveThirtyEight.
Following the news of the Omicron virus outbreak, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 There have been plenty of tweets about Donald Trump and his long-awaited fraud lawsuit against him.
People have been reacting to the news that Democrats and Republicans have agreed on a bipartisan deal to help the US economy.
 The US House of Representatives has censured Arizona Republican Paul Gosar for posting an anime-style video in which he appears to be killing Democratic candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
Bernie Sanders' tax returns show he became a millionaire after losing the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Texas Senator Beto O'Rourke's campaign to become the Democratic presidential candidate in 2020 has had a very good first day.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Joe Biden's handling of the Ukraine crisis.
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has launched an attack on Vice-President Joe Biden over his plan to allow illegal immigrants into the US.
On Fox News, you can read all the reaction to Donald Trump's claim that the US economy would be open by Easter and that the death toll from the migrant crisis will rise.
 The latest Burbio school policy tracker shows that more than a third of the US states that require children to wear masks in schools have banned the practice.
People are reacting to the verdicts in Johnny Depp's libel trial against ex-wife Amber Heard.
 The reaction to President Donald Trump's decision to pardon Roger Stone from prison has been swift and furious.
 On Thursday morning, Donald Trump threatened to declare a national emergency to build a border wall with Mexico, but what does that mean and what does the law mean?
 On Wednesday morning, the Washington Post reported that Vice-President-elect Joe Biden was considering South African-bornieg Buttigieg for Transportation Secretary.
People have been reacting to Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson's nomination to the US Supreme Court.
Following a judge's ruling that President Donald Trump can ask for a special master to examine documents from his Mar-a-Lago resort, Twitter users have been reacting.
Following the New York Times report on the FBI's counter-intelligence investigation into Donald Trump and Russia, here's a round-up of reaction.
 A round-up of the key stories from the news in the US on Saturday:
 Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the US this week:
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's performance in Tuesday's Democratic debate, as well as the news that Hillary Clinton's lawyer was cleared of lying to the FBI.
People have been reacting to the news that Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido is leading an uprising against President Nicolas Maduro.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest news from around the world:
People are talking about why the West got Russia's military wrong.
Following the Minnesota Democratic MP Ilhan Omar's comments about pro-Israel lobbying groups AIPAC, the internet has been quick to react.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to Theresa May's vote of no confidence in the Conservative Party leader.
 The jury in the self-defense shooting trial of Kyle Rittenhouse has begun deliberating on charges including intentional homicide.
US President Donald Trump's former national security adviser John Bolton has agreed to testify under oath in the Senate impeachment trial.
 As the US prepares to vote for a new president, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users to the latest developments in the US fight over voting rights.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Manchin's deal on climate change:
 As Joe Biden unveils his healthcare plan, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the week.
 In Case You Miss It: a round-up of tweets from around the world about Donald Trump's new trade war with Brazil and Argentina.
Following the collapse of talks between Donald Trump and North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, New Yorker editor Rebecca Hersman looks at some of the key quotes from the past week.
 As the US Federal Reserve raises interest rates for the first time in 28 years, here's a round-up of interesting quotes from former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers.
 The BBC News website takes a look at some of the reaction to the upcoming general election.
 As the US and Iran prepare to re-enter the 2015 nuclear deal, here's a round-up of the key points.
People have been reacting to President Joe Biden's announcement on climate change, as he prepares to visit a former coal-fired power plant in Massachusetts.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's new health care plan.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting social media links shared over the weekend.
As the Supreme Court strikes down a Louisiana abortion law, Donald Trump has announced he wants to buy Greenland.
 There's a lot of talk about the Disney tax bill today, and it's not just about the company.
People in Virginia have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor.
Conservative judge Brian Hagedorn declared victory in a Wisconsin Supreme Court race on Tuesday, but his opponent said he was likely to seek a recount.
Retired US Army general David Petraeus has called for the names of Confederate generals to be removed from US military installations.
 Here's a round-up of the best of the week's news from the news in the US.
 As the #WhyIDidntReport report into allegations of sexual assault against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh comes to a close, here's a round-up of tweets from both left and right.
Following the release of the Mueller report, Nate Silver's analysis and reaction to it, here's a round-up of his first thoughts.
Following the first day of hearings on Donald Trump's impeachment, C-SPAN and PBS have been sharing details of the hearings.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from conservative columnist Marc Thiessen, who says President Donald Trump should not intervene to save Democrat-run cities besieged by violence.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has unveiled a $6 trillion (Â£4.3 trillion) budget proposal for the next five years, but the White House says it will not go ahead.
As Mike Bloomberg pledged to spend $1bn on Facebook to counter Donald Trump's disinformation campaign, here's a round-up of reaction to the billionaire's pledge.
 As Arizona Senator Kyrsten Sinema calls for the end of the Senate filibuster, here's a round-up of her tweets.
 Here's a round-up of some of the most read stories from Time this week.
Following a decision by Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron not to charge any police officers over the killing of Breonna Taylor, here's a round-up of reaction to the announcement.
Here's a round-up of reaction from social media to the latest news from the US.
Following Friday's hearing of President Donald Trump's impeachment hearing, here's a round-up of the key points.
Following a court ruling that lifted a ban on the eviction of rental properties from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), social media users have been quick to react.
Following the Supreme Court's decision to strike down Roe, Scott Lemieux, a former White House adviser, wrote a series of tweets about the consequences of the ruling.
Reports that Johnny Depp warned of a "bloodbath" between him and his ex-wife Amber Heard have been widely shared on social media.
As Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court confirmation hearing gets under way, left-wing commentators have been quick to criticise the nominee's conduct.
Here's a round-up of the latest polls from the Democratic primary campaign, as well as the latest from the presidential race.
Following President Joe Biden’s announcement that he will raise the cap on the number of refugees admitted to the United States from 15,000 to 20,000 on Saturday, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
 As Donald Trump threatens to ban YouTube with regulations that would ban the video-streaming site, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Donald Trump's threat to bring about the "official end" of Iran if it threatens the US has been met with an array of reaction from social media users.
 As Donald Trump and Joe Biden prepare to fight it out in the US presidential election, here are some of the more eye-catching snippets from the media.
As President Donald Trump addresses Congress for the first time since taking office, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the day.
 People have been reacting to the news that a Republican plan to challenge the election results is splintering the party's conference.
Following China's recent test of a hypersonic missile, here's a round-up of interesting analysis from Klon Kitchen.
 As the debate for the Pennsylvania Senate comes to a close, here's a look at some of the key quotes from the past few days.
US President Donald Trump's plan to ask for a citizenship question on the 2020 census has been met with a mixture of mockery, mockery and outrage.
 As Joe Biden signs an executive order targeting corporate monopolies, here's a look at some of the key quotes from the media over the past few days.
 There's been a lot of talk about whether Rick Caruso, the Republican candidate in the Los Angeles mayoral race, is on the verge of a red wave upset.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the past week.
Social media users have been reacting to Elon Musk's threat to take over Twitter.
 The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump can keep his tax returns secret, but that does not mean he will get to see them.
 In the aftermath of the Democratic debate, here's a round-up of some of the key points.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Tuesday.
 As California Senator Kamala Harris introduces a bill to extend school days, here's a round-up of the reaction from social media users.
 A round-up of interesting news from the news in the US on Wednesday.
 The Senate Intelligence Committee report on Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election has been widely criticised by both Republicans and Democrats.
Following President Donald Trump's executive order on police reform, here's a round-up of what you might have missed.
 The BBC News website looks at some of the key facts about the Armenia-Azerbaijan conflict.
People have been reacting to the Trump administration's Executive Order on Huawei, which includes new powers to block tech purchases from “foreign adversaries” - and has been widely shared on Twitter.
 People have been reacting to Elizabeth Drew's New York Times article on how to win Republican support for impeachment.
 The March for Life was a march for Trump, according to social media users.
People have been reacting to Tara Reade's interview with Katie Halper about her allegation that Joe Biden sexually assaulted her.
 A round-up of interesting news from the news in the world on Thursday:
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that transgender people will not be allowed to use the name "X" on passports.
 As the oil price war rumbles on, here's a round-up of your reaction to the latest developments.
People have been reacting to the news that US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said states should go bankrupt.
 People have been reacting to the news that the Trump administration wants to cut funding for the emergency response to the coronavirus outbreak in the US.
People have been reacting to a Washington Post editorial about House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's planned visit to Taiwan.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's Earth Day summit, which has been described as “hot air" by the Washington Post, BBC Newsnight and the Huffington Post.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest polls on Joe Biden.
 As the US House of Representatives prepares to vote on a new tax bill, here's a round-up of reaction from the left and right.
People have been reacting to the news that the US Department of Health and Safety (OSHA) has been ordered to suspend its mandatory vaccine mandate.
People have been reacting to the news that New York City will require proof of vaccination for indoor activities such as dining, gyms and concerts.
Joe Biden's plan to spend $2 trillion (Â£1.2 trillion) on infrastructure has been met with a mixture of praise and derision.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Virginia Governor Ralph Northam's "Tour de Force of Implausibility and Idiocy".
People have been talking about Juneteenth, the USeteenth holiday, and how it should be a national holiday.
 The latest in a series of stories about Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg and his wife, Chasten, have been shared widely on social media.
 As the world marks the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, here are some of the key stories from the news in the news on Earth Day.
Following the Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates on Wednesday, here is a round-up of reaction to the event.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
US President Donald Trump's criticism of the NATO alliance has been widely mocked on social media.
 As the Senate Judiciary Committee prepares to vote on Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation, here's a round-up of the letters from 65 women who knew the Supreme Court nominee in high school.
 The New York Times has published an op-ed by Republican Senator Tom Cotton, which some see as a "fascist" and others say is a "subsidiary" of the crisis that has the country on fire.
 The Weekly Standard has "fact checked" an opinion piece about Brett Kavanaugh, which was falsely accused of saying he would overturn Roe v. Wade.
Following the opening of a House of Representatives committee hearing into an attack on the US Capitol on 6 January, here's a round-up of reaction.
 The US House of Representatives has voted to impeach President Donald Trump, by a margin of 230 to 197.
Here's a round-up of reaction to an article by Johnfund in the Washington Post on Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's re-election.
 People have been reacting to the hearing of Amy Coney Barrett, Donald Trump's pick to be the next US Supreme Court judge.
 There's been a lot of discussion on Twitter about how to vote in person.
People have been reacting to the latest column by Slate columnist Leon Krauze on Venezuela.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
 As the Senate votes to codify Roe v. Wade protections, left-wing Twitter users have been debating what's going on.
Following reports that Russia is testing President Donald Trump over his response to the country's alleged interference in last year's presidential election, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that Bahrain has normalised ties with Israel.
 People have been reacting to a video by Donald Trump in which he says Democrats are murdering babies born alive.
Following the results of the European Parliament elections, here's a round-up of the best quotes from social media users.
People have been giving their reaction to Bill Barr's confirmation hearing as the next attorney general.
 TheSummit of the Americas, which was hosted by Vice-President Joe Biden, has been described as a "lost opportunity" by many, with little or no results.
People are reacting to Gordon Sondland's testimony at the House of Representatives impeachment inquiry.
Tesla has resumed production at its California factory, despite a dispute with local officials over whether the plant can reopen.
 As the Freedom Convoy arrives in Ottawa, here's a look at some of the comments you might have missed.
People have been reacting to the news that Joe Biden and bipartisan senators have reached a deal on an infrastructure deal.
 Some of the reaction from social media users to the announcement of a new US Supreme Court commission by Vice-President Joe Biden and Senator Elizabeth Warren that they want Facebook to shut down.
People have been reacting to the news that General Motors (GM) is cutting 5,000 jobs in the US.
US President Donald Trump has used wartime powers to force General Motors to make ventilators needed to treat patients with the virus Coronavirus.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Tuesday:
As the Senate prepares to vote on Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination, here's a round-up of your reaction.
 As the ceasefire in Gaza comes to an end, here's a round-up of your reaction to the recent events in the Middle East.
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker has dropped out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, prompting a flurry of reaction on social media.
People have been reacting to the news that New York City Mayor Bill Adams is bringing back common-sense to the city.
Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States, is doing well in the Middle East, according to Twitter users.
 The Wisconsin Supreme Court has struck down the governor's stay-at-home order from the Department of Health Services, which would have allowed people to stay in the state if they needed medical treatment.
Following the San Diego synagogue shooting and the New Zealand anti-Muslim massacre, here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users to an article by @MazMHussain on how white supremacy threatens Muslims and Jews alike.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and Russia's President Vladimir Putin have held their first face-to-face talks, but the two sides did not agree on a nuclear deal.
Joe Biden’s decision to pull out of the war in Afghanistan will be part of his legacy, according to the Washington Post.
 As Christine Blasey Ford testified in the Senate confirmation hearing, here's your reaction to the New York Times column on the woman's sacrifice.
Following the arrest of Huawei chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou in Canada, here's a round-up of reaction from around the world.
 People have been reacting to the news that actor Jussie Smollett has been found guilty of staging a hate crime.
 Here are the daily links to the key stories from the news in the US that we did not know last week:
Following the defeat of Democrat Mike Espy in the Mississippi Senate race, here's a round-up of the best stories from the news in the South.
People have been reacting to the news that top US infectious disease official Anthony Fauci is stepping down from government posts.
People have been reacting to the news that Russia's invasion of Ukraine has made it harder for the West to counter China.
People have been reacting to reports that Vice-President Joe Biden has chosen Lloyd Austin, the first Black Pentagon chief, as his secretary of defence.
Here's a full list of quotes from the past 24 hours:
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn't as bad as he might have hoped.
Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's executive order to keep meat processing plants open.
Following Hurricane Ian, which killed more than 100 people in Florida, there has been a flurry of tweets about the importance of coral reefs.
Following the Supreme Court's ruling that charities and other groups cannot disclose their donors, US senators have been talking about the implications for campaign disclosure laws.
 People have been reacting to an op-ed by Washington Post columnist Kate Cohen, in which she says tennis stars Novak Djokovic and Boris Johnson disrespect everyone who follows the rules.
 The Supreme Court has declined to reinstate rules that would have made it easier for voters to cast ballots in Wisconsin.
People have been reacting to an op-ed by the Washington Post saying that Oregon's forest policies and political indifference were to blame for the state's wildfires.
Here's a full transcript of the exchange between Attorney General William Barr and a Democratic congressman on Roger Stone's sentencing.
Following the Republican National Committee's decision to censure Adam Kinzinger and Dick Cheney over their involvement in the House of Representatives privacy investigation, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been talking about why Amazon workers in Alabama rejected unionization.
As the US Department of Justice announced a series of indictments against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro and several of his aides, here's a round-up of the key headlines.
 As the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced new "Migration Protection Protocols" on its southern border with Mexico, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Elizabeth Warren's surge in the polls for the Democratic presidential race.
Here's a round-up of the key points from the night of the US presidential election, as predicted by FiveThirtyEight forecaster Nate Silver.
 The US Department of Health (CDC) is recommending that people aged 18 and older should get a second COVID19 vaccine booster.
Following the latest developments in the Florida recount battle, here's a round-up of the best snippets from the news in and around the world.
 Some of the reaction to President Trump's comments about the deadly coronavirus that killed more than 1,000 people in the US last year.
 As California Governor Gavin Newsom says he wants to run for president in 2024, there's plenty of reaction on social media.
California Governor Gavin Newsom has called for the repeal of the state's controversial "gig workers" law.
Here is the full text of Donald Trump's "Phase One” trade deal with China.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that he is raising tariffs against China, claiming China will pay the costs.
People have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor in Virginia.
 Here's a round-up of tweets from all over the world about Beto O'Rourke's bid to become governor of Texas.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Democratic defeat in the Virginia governor's race, as well as some more from the left.
People have been reacting to the news that Bernie Sanders has dropped out of the Democratic presidential race, leaving Joe Biden as likely nominee.
 A federal judge in Texas has ruled that the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, is unconstitutional.
People have been reacting to the sentencing of Donald Trump's former campaign strategist Roger Stone, who was sentenced to 40 months in prison.
Joe Biden, the vice-presidential candidate in the 2016 presidential race, has been accused of lying about his own poll results, in a series of tweets posted on Twitter.
President Donald Trump has ordered his cabinet to search for spare funding to build a border wall with Mexico, according to White House press secretary Sarah Sanders.
Following the resignation of Home Secretary Liz Truss, the New Yorker looks back at some of the most read stories from the past week.
 The Green New Deal, the US government's long-awaited plan to tackle climate change and inequality, has been met with plenty of tweets and memes.
People have been reacting to the Trump administration's decision to expand the definition of "public charges" in immigration.
 In Case You Missed It: The Washington Post's op-ed on the Supreme Court's latest assault on the separation of church and state.
Joe Biden has been accused of creating a crisis by putting thousands of migrants in "pods" at the southern border.
Following the revelation that Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 This is the story of how a group of Redditors with $600 (Â£400) checks outsmarted Wall Street hedge fund managers.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in Washington this week.
People have been reacting to the news that transgender swimmer Lia Thomas has become the first man to win an NCAA title.
 People have been reacting to news that billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer is dropping out of the Democratic presidential race.
 As Donald Trump's very unhappy trip to Europe comes to an end, here's a round-up of opinion and analysis.
As President-elect Joe Biden is sworn in, here's a round-up of reaction from around the world to his inauguration.
 It's been a day of political bickering on Twitter, but now it's time for a new bipartisan pact: former lawmakers who served in Congress to ban them from lobbying for life.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's announcement that he wants to spend $1.7 trillion on clean energy and infrastructure over the next 10 years.
 As California Governor Gavin Newsom prepares to face a recall election, here's a look at some of the reaction from Californians to his move.
 The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump can keep his tax returns secret, but that does not mean he will get to see them.
Barack Obama is just what the Democrats need, according to some of the tweets from across the internet.
 In Case You Missed It: Elie Honig's latest column on Donald Trump's impeachment, here's a look at some of the highlights:
 Here are some of the quotes and quotes you may have missed in the wake of the bombs sent to top Democrats and CNN.
 In Case You Missed It: The Takeaway, a daily guide to the key stories, newspaper headlines and quotes from the news in the US.
 As the Senate acquittal of President Donald Trump comes to an end, here's your reaction to the New Yorker's article about Mitt Romney.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren, as she launches her presidential campaign.
People are making their case for former US ambassador Susan Rice as Joe Biden's running mate.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
Following a CNN interview with Bill Barr, Donald Trump's pick for attorney general, there's been plenty of reaction on social media.
People are talking about Joe Biden's 100th day in the White House.
Here's a round-up of Donald Trump quotes from the past 24 hours, some of which you may have missed:
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Monday:
Following Theresa May's announcement that she will hold cross-party talks on Brexit, The Guardian's readers have been giving their views on the issue.
 Indivisible, the group that campaigns against Donald Trump's immigration policies, is calling on Congress to pass a Democratic border funding bill.
 The New Republic reports that the Biden administration has filed a lawsuit against Georgia over its voter suppression law.
People are reacting to the news that a new memo from Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says a citizenship question will be added to the 2020 census.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Tuesday:
 US Vice-President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin have had a war of words on Twitter, with both saying Russia would "pay a price" for meddling in the US election.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn't as bad as he might have hoped.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Same Climate Report, Different Day by journalist Holman Jenkins.
People have been reacting to the news that a US judge has struck down the requirement for people to wear masks on flights.
Politicians, business leaders and others have been reacting to the House of Representatives’s draft tax bill, which includes a 3.8% tax on small business income.
 People have been reacting to Joe Biden's speech on climate change on Tuesday, with many saying he is the only presidential candidate who can address the issue.
 Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about President Donald Trump and his administration.
People have been reacting to the news that Vice-President Joe Biden will be attending this year's World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos.
People are reacting to Facebook's decision to uphold Donald Trump's suspension from the social network.
Following Jeff Sessions's defeat in the Alabama Republican primary, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Following a new poll, Arizona Democratic Senator Krysten Sinema has come under fire for her opposition to Senate filibuster reform.
People have been reacting to a recent executive order by President Donald Trump suspending work visas for immigrants.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting political links shared over the weekend.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn't as bad as he might have hoped.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Democrats' proposal to impose a tax on oil companies' profits.
Following the announcement that India has revoked special status for Kashmir, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes from the world's media.
People have been reacting to the news that three female justices on the US Supreme Court - Justice Elena Jackson, Justice Elena Kagan, and Justice Sonia Sotomayor - will try to make history this term.
People have been reacting to Nancy Pelosi’s proposed stimulus bill, which includes changes to election law and money for teachers' unions.
Following the defeat of British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson in parliament on Tuesday, here is a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Kevin McCarthy, the House of Representatives speaker, has been widely mocked on social media for his refusal to hold an inquiry into the Bakersfield riots that followed the 2016 election.
 As the US Supreme Court prepares to hear new cases on abortion, here's a round-up of some of the most read stories from the news in the past 24 hours.
 As the US Supreme Court prepares to hear a new case involving faith-based adoption agencies and same-sex couples, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Following the deadly attack on the US Capitol in Washington on Tuesday, the media have been quick to highlight the hypocrisy of the Republican Party.
 People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's proposed $4.75 trillion budget proposal to Congress.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Nevada caucus results:
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read tweets of the week:
Joe Biden has said he is "not a fan" of adding seats to the Supreme Court, but he won't be "packing" it.
People have been reacting to Nancy Pelosi's announcement that she will not be impeaching President Donald Trump.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Tuesday's elections in Virginia.
As the Biden administration and the media are not hiding the fact that a ban on menthol cigarettes is targeted at black people, Breitbart News editor Nick Nolte says.
 The Washington Post has obtained hundreds of emails from Anthony Fauci, the US doctor who worked on solving the coronavirus outbreak in 2020.
Environmental activists in Brazil have reacted with horror and resolve to the election of far-right presidential candidate Jair Bolsonaro.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from around the world on Wednesday.
People have been reacting to North Korea's military parade, which featured no missiles, but floats and flowers.
Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States, is leading the US from behind on Russia, according to Twitter users.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to President Donald Trump's new immigration proposal.
 As the FBI director James Comey talks about his agency's "magic powers" in the Kavanaugh investigation, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 As Donald Trump prepares to address the nation, here's a round-up of what you might have missed.
 A former aide to President Donald Trump, John Nichols, has told the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee that Trump supported the January 6th insurrection.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has accused President Donald Trump of a “brazen act of retaliation” after a national security aide who testified against him was removed from the White House.
Following the New York Times report that Vice-President Joe Biden was accused of sexual assault by Tara Reade, Twitter users have been quick to respond.
 The American Academy of Pediatrics (APA) has defended its policy on transgender children, saying it is "cruel" to deny children their right to be themselves.
Following the Washington Examiner's report that Republican backbencher Marjorie Taylor Greene had been found to be "too crazy to be a congressperson" - here's a round-up of reaction.
 As the Wall Street Journal published an opinion piece about Justice Clarence Thomas' wife Ginni Thomas' political views, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been talking about the debate over Daylight Saving Time on Twitter.
People have been reacting to the news that New York City will require proof of vaccination for indoor activities such as dining, gyms and concerts.
 People have been paying tribute to H. Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire who twice ran for president as a third-party candidate in the 1990s.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to CNN's lawsuit against the Trump White House over the removal of reporter Jim Acosta's press pass.
Here's a round-up of tweets from Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren, as she launches her presidential campaign.
Republicans in the House of Representatives have been talking about why they oppose DC statehood for the past few days.
 There's a lot of talk about Elizabeth Warren's plan to get ahead of Joe Biden in the Democratic race for the White House.
 As the Democratic debate gets underway, here's a round-up of reaction to what you might have missed:
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the news that the US Senate has voted to rescue Joe Biden's agenda.
Following the US Supreme Court ruling that a Florida governor's vaccine mandate is unconstitutional, here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users.
 The BBC’s Victoria Derbyshire looks at Australia's plans to force social media companies to pay for their content.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Federal Reserve's next meeting, which will take place on Wednesday 26 January.
 The reaction from the media to Walmart's decision to ban magazines dedicated to guns and ammunition has been swift and varied.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of reaction to the Supreme Court's Thanksgiving Eve ruling.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the NBA players’ strike.
 The US Supreme Court's decision to allow government aid to religious schools has been described as a ruinous decision by Erwin Chemerinsky, a Berkeley law professor.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's claim that the US-Mexico border crisis is worse than ever.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has pledged to divert some of the city's $6bn (Â£4.5bn) police budget to social services, in the wake of mass protests against police violence.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's "Trillion-Dollar Choice" - the Wall Street Journal's take on the issue.
 People have been reacting to President Joe Biden's speech on voting rights in which he called Republicans cowardly and committed to changing the Senate rules.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Dave Chappelle's controversial special on Netflix, which was criticised for his comments on transgender people and gender.
 On Wednesday morning, the head of the Federal Election Commission (FEC) Robert Weintraub was asked a simple question: "Is it illegal to accept campaign dirt from foreigners?
Here are the highlights of Douglas MacKinnon's most important moment so far:
 The Washington Post takes a look at some of the reaction to the Durham filling in the Russia investigation.
 It's been a busy day in Washington, with Merrick Garland, the man who was denied a Supreme Court seat by President-elect Donald Trump, appearing before a Senate panel.
 Some of the reaction to President Donald Trump's phone call with Ukraine's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has been swift.
 On Sunday morning, Joe Biden told the Washington Examiner that "men harassing and filming women in the bathroom" was "part of the process" of Congress.
People have been reacting to the news that Planned Parenthood will stop receiving federal funding to make referrals for abortions.
People have been reacting to Corey Lewandowski's refusal to testify at a hearing about obstruction of justice.
Here's a round-up of tweets from all the political commentators on the eve of the mid-term elections.
Here's a round-up of reaction from Republicans and others to the tax bill, which has been passed by the US Congress.
 People have been reacting to the resignation of California Democratic congresswoman Katie Hill, who has admitted having an affair with a campaign staffer.
Following the announcement of a Democratic proposal to tax billionaires to fund President Joe Biden's social policy and climate change agenda, here's a round-up of reaction.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in Washington this week:
 As the House of Representatives prepares to vote on the so-called "H.R. 1" bill to tighten voting rules, here's a round-up of reaction to the bill.
West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin says he’s wary of changing Senate rules to allow Republicans to advance voting legislation.
 Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she would back a plan to get rid of the Electoral College.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 As the US Senate struggles to agree on new gun safety measures following the Texas school shooting, here's a round-up of tweets from around the world.
Following the New York Times report that Vice-President Joe Biden was accused of sexual assault by Tara Reade, Twitter users have been quick to respond.
 People have been reacting to the news that the so-called "Pandora Papers" have been leaked to the media, with one saying:
As Michael Cohen testifies before a House Oversight Committee, here's a round-up of the highlights.
 The New Yorker’s Jane Mayer has written a stunning account of Rupert Murdoch's role in helping Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
 As Donald Trump and Benjamin Netanyahu unveil their Middle East peace plan, here's a round-up of reaction.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Federal Reserve's next meeting, which will take place on Wednesday 26 January.
People have been reacting to Joe Biden's meeting with China in Anchorage, Alaska, with some saying it was a turning point in US-China relations.
People have been reacting to Business Insider's report on Tara Reade's allegation of sexual assault against Joe Biden.
 Indivisible, the group that campaigns against Donald Trump's immigration policies, is calling on Congress to pass a Democratic border funding bill.
 The chief financial officer of US President Donald Trump's company, Allen Weisselberg, has pleaded not guilty to charges of tax fraud.
 On Tuesday, the US Senate confirmed Judge Amy Coney Barrett as the 115th justice on the Supreme Court.
 Indivisible, the group that campaigns against Donald Trump's immigration policies, is calling on Congress to pass a Democratic border funding bill.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting political links shared over the weekend.
 As Donald Trump threatens to adjourn both houses of Congress, here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users.
 In Case You Miss It, here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Donald Trump's latest flip-flops.
 In the wake of the news that the US House of Representatives is going to vote for Nancy Pelosi as speaker, there has been a flurry of reaction on Twitter.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest Washington Post opinion.
People have been reacting to the Wall Street Journal's report that the US trade deficit has risen to a record high, but there is no need to panic.
 The University of Austin, a new institution in the US state of Texas, has been described as “an anti-woke university” by some critics, while others say it is a “safe space” for those who complain about higher education.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the news that Democrats and Republicans have agreed on a bipartisan deal to help the US economy.
Following the release of the latest jobs figures from the US, here's a round-up of the best and worst of the news from social media.
 Here's a full transcript of the Republican congressman Jim Jordan's comments on Wednesday's combative antitrust hearing involving the heads of Google, Apple, Facebook and Google.
 As the Supreme Court begins its deliberations on whether to appoint Barr to be the next attorney general, here's a round-up of your reaction to the latest developments in the Michael Flynn case.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's veto of a bill to end US involvement in the war in Yemen.
People have been reacting to news that Dr Seuss books are to be banned from sale on eBay.
People have been reacting to the Guardian's article about the riots in the US, which have seen thousands of people killed.
US Democratic presidential candidate Kirsten Gillibrand has told Fox News that women have the potential for power, in one quote.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's budget proposals, with one calling it a "tremendous fraud".
 Here's a round-up of reaction to Chris Cillizza's column on the Virginia blackface scandal.
 As the World Health Organization (CSD) prepares to launch its response to the deadly norovirus outbreak in the US, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting technology-related links shared over the weekend.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Cameron Hilditch's article on Critical Race Theory (CRT).
Donald Trump has recasts history where everyone's to blame but one person - but only one person.
Three terrorism trends have converged in New Zealand, according to Peter Bergen, a CNN national security analyst.
Joe Biden has been accused of creating a crisis by putting thousands of migrants in "pods" at the southern border.
 People have been reacting to the news that actor Jussie Smollett has been found guilty of staging a hate crime.
 As the US and congressional leaders reached a deal to avert a government shutdown, here's a round-up of your reaction.
 As the teachers' strike in Chicago enters its third day, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 The latest in a series of anti-immigrant political stunts by Republican governors has been shared widely on social media.
Former Vice-President Liz Cheney has been in the news this week, but it's not her fault, as well as her own.
Following Donald Trump's announcement that the government shutdown had ended, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and Anita Hill.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Jonathan Chait's New York Magazine op-ed on the "Obamagate" conspiracy:
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis' history of homophobia, homophobia and anti-gay sentiment has been widely mocked on social media.
People have been reacting to the news that California Senator Kamala Harris has dropped out of the race for the US presidency.
Following the mass shooting at a massage parlor in Atlanta, there has been plenty of discussion on social media about whether it was a case of racism, sexism and sexual frustration.
Here's a round-up of the best quotes from the news in the past week, as the Supreme Court considers whether to uphold the right to carry guns.
Following the release of Robert Mueller's report on Donald Trump and the collapse of American trust, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
People are reacting to the news that Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp has accused the Democratic Party of hacking into the state's voter database.
Donald Trump has blown America's credibility over the issue of Iran, according to the US media.
 As the US Senate passes a bill to raise the federal government's debt limit, here's a round-up of the key headlines from the world's media.
 As Michael Cohen goes to jail for violating campaign finance laws, here's your daily guide to the most read stories of the week.
Delta Air Lines has come under fire for its support of Georgia's new voting rights law, which was signed into law on Tuesday.
As the White House considers whether to use emergency powers to end the government shutdown, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
 As the man accused of shooting dead seven people at a Chicago July 4 parade surrendered to police, here's a round-up of the most read stories on social media.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to President Trump's plans to rewrite American history.
 People are reacting to the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh to the US Supreme Court by comparing him to The Handmaid's Court.
People have been reacting to the killing of a top Iranian general, Qassem Soleimani, and the possible expulsion of US troops from Iraq.
Following the revelation that Hunter Biden's laptop was the subject of a Russian hack-job, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Bernie Sanders' campaign says he has raised more than $4m (Â£3.3m) in the first 12 hours since announcing his candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination.
People have been reacting to the trial of police officer Derek Chauvin in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he is accused of killing an unarmed black man.
Women's rights activists have been reacting to the news that the US state of Georgia has banned abortions after six weeks.
Here's a summary of the reaction to the indictment of Hillary Clinton's lawyer, Michael Sussman, over the alleged Russian collusion scandal.
 The New York Times has published Donald Trump's tax returns, and there's a lot of reaction.
 Here's a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in Asia that we did not know last week:
People are reacting to the Supreme Court's ruling on workplace vaccine-or-test mandates.
People have been reacting to the news that Joe Walsh, a former Republican presidential candidate, is planning to run against Donald Trump in the 2020 election.
 The Atlantic has been doing it all over the weekend, with reports that former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a bid to run against Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren.
People have been reacting to a White House proposal to rescue the US economy in the face of a deadly virus.
Sanctions on Iran are not working, according to a new analysis by Iranian-born journalist Ali Vaez.
 As the Trump administration shifts to speed vaccinations, here's a look at some of the reaction from social media.
 The New York Times has defended its scoop on Rosenstein, saying it was not a joke and that the story was based on months of reporting.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's claim that the US-Mexico border crisis is worse than ever.
William Barr, President Donald Trump's nominee to be the next attorney general, is facing questions from both Democrats and the New York Times.
 The US Supreme Court has asked the Trump administration to enter the abortion fray, after New York enacted new protections for abortion rights.
Following the deadly shooting in Dayton, Ohio, there has been a flurry of reaction on social media, with some suggesting that the man who killed eight people was a leftist and a fan of Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren.
Here's a round-up of quotes from Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris as she takes questions at a CNN town hall.
 The Taliban have ruled out taking part in intra-Afghan peace talks until the Afghan government releases 5,000 prisoners.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to order a do-over on a citizenship question in the US census.
 US Vice-President Joe Biden has used his first joint address to Congress to call for a $4 trillion (Â£3.3 trillion) spending plan, warning that China is closing in on the US.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's plan to end birthright citizenship for babies born in the US.
People have been reacting to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's 60 Minutes interview with Anderson Cooper.
People have been talking about Joseph Maguire, the acting director of the National Security Agency (DNI), and Donald Trump's decision to replace him with a loyalist.
 As a strike by General Motors workers continues, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Chris Evans' announcement that he is launching a new political information website.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
Following the news that the US has struck a new North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) with Canada and Mexico, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Tim Egan's New York Times column on why Bernie Sanders can't win the presidential election has been widely mocked on social media.
 On the Erick Erickson Show, the right-wing commentator and former Republican presidential candidate, has been talking about the Herschel Walker story.
At least 60 people, including 12 US service members, have been killed in suicide attacks outside Kabul airport, officials say.
 In the wake of President-elect Joe Biden's announcement that he would cancel student debt on day one of his administration, a host of groups have been sharing their thoughts.
 The right-wing conspiracy theorists who linked Disney’s new dress for Minnie Mouse to a penis have had a lot of fun on the internet.
 As the Supreme Court begins its deliberations on whether to appoint Barr to be the next attorney general, here's a round-up of your reaction to the latest developments in the Michael Flynn case.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
 As the US Supreme Court lifts two injunctions against President Donald Trump's planned ban on transgender service members, it's been a day of mixed reaction on social media.
People have been reacting to Amazon's decision to raise its minimum wage to $15 (Â£11) an hour in the US.
 Here's a round-up of tweets from Telemundo, the Spanish-language TV network, as well as some of the more eye-catching ones from the other side.
People have been reacting to the news that the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) director Rochelle Walensky wants to overhaul the agency.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to Wisconsin Republican leaders' decision to delay the state election by a month.
 As the House of Representatives prepares to launch an investigation into Donald Trump and his business empire, here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in Washington this week.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Federal Reserve's next meeting, which will take place on Wednesday 26 January.
 There's been a flurry of reaction on Twitter to the news that the Trump administration wants to take $37m from a home heating assistance program to pay for an emergency response to the coronavirus outbreak.
Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States, is leading the US from behind on Russia, according to Twitter users.
As Donald Trump prepares to take office as US president, here are some of the opinions and analysis you may have missed.
 Here's a round-up of the best of the week's news, from the US Supreme Court nomination of Ketanji Brown Jackson.
Native Americans have reacted angrily to Elizabeth Warren's claim that she has Native American heritage.
People are calling for Donald Trump to be impeached, as a series of articles and articles from the Washington Post and the New York Times are shared on social media.
People have been reacting to the Supreme Court's decision to uphold a Trump administration regulation that lets employers limit women's access to birth control coverage.
Joe Rogan’s controversial podcast has been accused of damaging public trust in scientific research and undermining the credibility of medical advice.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
Following the historic summit between North and South Korea, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the reaction from social media.
Here is a full list of tweets from Twitter user Marcorubio, who has been sharing stories from across the internet.
 As Donald Trump announced plans to withdraw about 12,000 US troops from Germany, the New York Post takes a look at the reaction from social media.
James Comey, the former FBI director who gave a closed-door testimony to the House of Representatives on the Russia investigation, said: "This is a witch hunt."
Following the Supreme Court ruling that Boris Johnson acted illegally when he asked the Queen to prorogue parliament, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the most read stories of the day.
People have been reacting to Christine Ford's allegations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Donald Trump's deal with Mexico on border security.
Following the deadly shooting in Boulder, Colorado on Wednesday, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the most read stories from the past 24 hours.
Here's a round-up of tweets from conservative commentators on the topic of Hungary:
Following a series of executive actions by US President Donald Trump, here's a round-up of what you might have missed.
Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States, has been criticised for allowing Saudi Arabia to walk free after the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
Here's a round-up of quotes from Democratic presidential hopeful Elizabeth Warren, who threw down the gauntlet on Wednesday night's first debate.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
As US President Donald Trump prepares to impose sanctions on Iran, here's a round-up of the most read news stories of the day.
Former Vice-President Liz Cheney has been in the news this week, but it's not her fault, as well as her own.
People have been giving their reaction to Tom Cruise's latest film, Top Gun: Maverick.
Here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the US this week.
President Donald Trump and White House press secretary Sarah Sanders have been reacting to the news that Jim Acosta had been barred from speaking to him.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's decision to fire the inspector general at the State Department.
Following President Trump's announcement that he would ban a popular video-sharing app from the US, the BBC News website looks at why special counsel Robert Mueller is holding back over Donald Trump.
People have been reacting to Joe Manchin’s announcement that he will vote against the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest US jobs report, which shows the unemployment rate fell to 13.3% in May from 13.7% in April.
 As the World Health Organization (CSD) prepares to launch its response to the deadly norovirus outbreak in the US, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
People have been reacting to Barr's confirmation as a US House of Representatives candidate with a mixture of anger, frustration and contempt.
 We asked whether the Democratic left is a "paper tiger" after New York City mayor Eric Adams' narrow victory.
Following Donald Trump's withdrawal from a nuclear treaty with Russia, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Kevin McCarthy, the House of Representatives speaker, has been widely mocked on social media for his refusal to hold an inquiry into the Bakersfield riots that followed the 2016 election.
 Palestinians have reacted angrily to the announcement by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo that the US will no longer consider Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank as illegal.
People have been reacting to the Houston Texans hiring of Chicago Bears head coach Lovie Smith.
Social media users have been reacting to the Senate’s move to protect Supreme Court justices from anti-abortion protests.
People have been talking about Joe Biden's candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination, as the former vice president officially entered the race on Thursday.
Here's a round-up of the key points from the night of the US presidential election, as predicted by FiveThirtyEight forecaster Nate Silver.
People are talking about Jen Psaki, the White House press secretary, and Facebook's decision to ban some of the people responsible for spreading anti-vaccine misinformation.
Following Chile’s rejection of a controversial new constitution, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes from the past 24 hours.
Here's a round-up of your reaction to Elon Musk's takeover of Twitter:
People are reacting to the New York Times's article about civil liberties in a time when the coronavirus is spreading.
Vulnerable voters in the US state of Georgia will go to the polls on 5 January to choose between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Jeff Warnock for the US Senate.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Andy Ferguson's article in The Atlantic about the Lincoln Project, a group of Republicans fighting Donald Trump.
 A round-up of reaction from Twitter users to Donald Trump's legal team's efforts to reverse the outcome of the US presidential election.
People have been reacting to the release of a memo that casts doubt on President Donald Trump's claim that Russia meddled in the US election.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's speech to the United Nations General Assembly, in which he accused Iran of "sowing chaos, death and destruction".
 The Associated Press has released details of the search at Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, where the US president stored top-secret documents.
Following the first exit polls from the Italian election, Giorgia Meloni, the far-right coalition led by Matteo Renzi, has been mocked and mocked on social media.
 People have been reacting to Joe Biden's announcement of his foreign policy and national security teams.
Following the news that WNBA star Brittney Griner is to go on trial in Russia on drug charges, we take a look back at some of the most read stories of the day.
 The Supreme Court is considering a case brought by Texas to try to overturn the result of the presidential election.
Following President Donald Trump's announcement that he will temporarily suspend immigration into the US, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn't as bad as he might have hoped.
Following the Alabama governor's signing of a ban on abortions, here's your daily guide to the most read stories of the past week.
Brexit is finally happening, but the complicated part is just beginning, as the UK prepares to leave the European Union.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the USA Today editorial that says Facebook does not have to run paid ads peddling politicians' lies.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest CNN poll of Democratic presidential hopefuls.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Biden's summit on democracy.
Following a historic vote in the US House of Representatives on Wednesday, here's a round-up of reaction.
Tesla has resumed production at its California factory, despite a dispute with local officials over whether the plant can reopen.
Following the results of Brazil's presidential election, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key quotes, quotes and quotes.
Joe Biden is about to make his own border crisis much worse.
President Donald Trump's claim that gun violence is the reason for mass shootings in the US has been widely mocked on social media.
People have been reacting to the news that Israel has banned two US congresswomen from entering the country.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been re-elected for a second term, but his main challenger conceded defeat.
 The Senate has passed a $1.2 trillion (Â£1.3 trillion) stimulus bill, but the bill is still in the works.
Here's a round-up of the key points from the night of the US presidential election, as predicted by FiveThirtyEight forecaster Nate Silver.
People have been reacting to the news that Vice-President Joe Biden will not take part in the next debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
 As the US House of Representatives prepares to vote on a bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
People have been reacting to the latest developments in the Russia investigation.
Vulnerable voters in the US state of Georgia will go to the polls on 5 January to choose between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Jeff Warnock for the US Senate.
 The murder of Jamal Khashoggi by Saudi Arabia's crown prince has been widely condemned on social media.
Following the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden has struck a deal with Democrats on a $1.75 trillion (Â£1.1 trillion) spending package, the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key points.
Following President Donald Trump's threat to deport millions of undocumented immigrants, here's a round-up of your reaction.
People have been reacting to the New York Times's editorial on Donald Trump's attack on California's clean air laws.
Following the news of the Omicron virus outbreak, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
People have been reacting to the news that James Comey is suing Donald Trump for $100m (Â£65m) in fraud.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the news that Democrats and Republicans have agreed on a bipartisan deal to help the US economy.
 The reaction to President Donald Trump's decision to pardon Roger Stone from prison has been swift and furious.
 As Donald Trump prepares to declare a national emergency to build a border wall with Mexico, here's a round-up of your thoughts.
 The Daily 202: Pickingieg Buttigieg for Transportation shows Biden taking a Swiss Army knife approach to filling his Cabinet.
People have been reacting to Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson's nomination for the US Supreme Court.
 As the New Yorker reports on Aileen Cannon’s decision to grant Donald Trump a special master to investigate his alleged use of secret documents in the Mar-a-Lago hotel scandal, you’ll be reading all the reaction.
Here's a round-up of reaction to CNN's climate town halls, and the Democratic National Party's decision to remove the film Gone With the Wind from its streaming library.
People on Twitter have been reacting to an NBC reporter's comment that a Pennsylvania Senate candidate who suffered a stroke should not be asked about his fitness for office.
 Here's a round-up of tweets and memes about the controversial COVID-19 vaccine.
People have been reacting to the news that US Vice-President Joe Biden has backed a proposal to waive intellectual property rights on vaccines.
Following the announcement by Vice-President Kamela Harris that she will be running for the White House, here's a round-up of your reaction.
Joe Biden's rivals should attack him with right-wing talking points if they want to take him down, according to Vox.
People have been reacting to the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
New Jersey Senator Cory Booker says President Donald Trump's proposed criminal justice reform bill needs to be retroactive.
People have been reacting to the New York Times report on the FBI's investigation into Donald Trump and Russia.
 A round-up of the key stories from the news in the US that we did not know last week:
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting snippets from the news in the US on Wednesday.
 Here's a round-up of reaction from social media users to the latest news about voting rights in the US.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to Joe Manchin's deal on climate change:
 As Joe Biden unveils his healthcare plan, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the week.
 In Case You Miss It: a round-up of tweets from around the world on Sunday.
Following the collapse of talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, New Yorker editor Rebecca Hersman looks back at what happened.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest US jobs report, which shows the unemployment rate fell to 13.3% in May from 13.7% in April.
 It’s been a big day in the world of marijuana.
 Here's a round-up of the top political stories from the news in Washington this week.
US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin's refusal to hand over President Donald Trump's tax returns to the House of Representatives has been widely criticised on social media.
 The US House of Representatives has voted to censure Arizona Republican Paul Gosar for posting an anime-style video in which he kills Democratic candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
Bernie Sanders' tax returns show he became a millionaire after losing the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.
Texas Senator Beto O'Rourke's campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020 has already raised more than $6.1m in its first 24 hours.
Joe Biden, the vice-president of the United States, is leading the US from behind on Russia, according to Twitter users.
 As the US Federal Reserve raises interest rates for the first time in 28 years, here's a round-up of the best quotes from former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers.
Here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users to the upcoming general election.
 As the US and Iran negotiate a new deal on Iran's nuclear programme, here's a round-up of reaction from the media.
 Here's a round-up of the best of the week's news from the news in America, as the verdict in the case of a former Texas police officer found guilty of the murder of a black man.
 As the #WhyIDidnt report is not a debate, we take a look back at some of the key quotes and quotes from the past week.
People have been giving their first thoughts on the political fallout from the Mueller report, after the resignation of Attorney General Bob Barr.
 Here's a full list of C-SPAN coverage of the hearings that will take place next week to decide whether Donald Trump should be impeached.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of tweets from conservative columnist Marc Thiessen, who has been writing for the Washington Post since July.
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis says he will not allow illegal immigrants to enter the US, but he will allow people to stay in Florida.
On Fox News, you can read all the reaction to Donald Trump's claim that the US economy would be open by Easter, and Fox News also says he was right to say the economy would not be open until the fall.
 It’s been a busy week for the Burbio school policy tracker.
People are reacting to the verdicts in Johnny Depp's libel trial against ex-wife Amber Heard.
Joe Biden skates by again in Tuesday's Democratic debate, but it wasn't as bad as he might have hoped.
People have been reacting to the news that Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido is leading an uprising against President Nicolas Maduro.
 Here's a round-up of the best of the news from the news in Washington this week:
People are talking about why the West got Russia's military wrong.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has unveiled a $6 trillion (Â£4.3 trillion) budget proposal for the next five years, but the White House is facing strong opposition from Republican lawmakers.
Mike Bloomberg has pledged to spend $1bn on Facebook to counter Donald Trump's disinformation campaign, even if he is not the Democratic nominee.
Following a new poll, Arizona Democratic Senator Krysten Sinema has come under fire for her opposition to Senate filibuster reform.
Here's a round-up of the latest polls from the Democratic primary campaign, as well as some of the other candidates' latest developments.
President Joe Biden's announcement that he will raise the cap on the number of refugees admitted to the United States from 15,000 to 20,000 has been met with a mixture of criticism and praise.
 As Donald Trump threatens to ban YouTube with regulations that would ban the video-streaming site, here's a round-up of your reaction.
People are reacting to President Donald Trump's threat to bring Iran down if it threatens the US.
Here are some of the quotes from people who have been reacting to the latest developments in the race for the White House:
People have been reacting to Ilhan Omar's comments about the power of pro-Israel lobbying groups AIPAC.
Following the vote of no confidence in Theresa May, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
 The jury in the self-defense shooting trial of Kyle Rittenhouse has begun deliberating on charges including intentional homicide.
US President Donald Trump's former national security adviser John Bolton has agreed to testify under oath in the Senate impeachment trial.
 People have been reacting to President Joe Biden's announcement on climate change, as he plans to visit a former coal-fired power plant in Massachusetts.
Here's a round-up of reaction to Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren's new health care plan.
 In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting technology-related links shared over the weekend.
 In Case You Missed It: Donald Trump's plan to buy Greenland.
People are telling you all the facts about the US-Mexico border, as President Donald Trump addresses Congress on Thursday.
People have been reacting to a Republican plan to challenge the results of next year's US presidential election.
Following China's test of a hypersonic missile, here's a round-up of interesting analysis from Klon Kitchen.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world on Tuesday.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to California Senator Kamala Harris' proposal to extend school days.
 It's been a busy day in the world of politics, as we look back at some of the most read stories of the week.
 US President Donald Trump and his Republican-led Senate Intelligence Committee have been reacting to a report that says Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election.
Following President Donald Trump's executive order on police reform, here's a round-up of what you might have missed.
 There's a lot of talk about the Disney tax bill today, and it's not just about the company.
People have been reacting to the closely contested race between Democrat Terry McAuliffe and Republican Glenn Youngkin for governor in Virginia.
Conservative judge Brian Hagedorn declared victory in a Wisconsin Supreme Court race on Tuesday, but the Associated Press has not declared a winner.
Retired US Army general David Petraeus has called for the names of Confederate generals to be removed from US military installations.
 Here's a round-up of interesting reads from the news in Time, Time and other media outlets.
Following a decision by Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron not to charge any police officers over the killing of Breonna Taylor, here's a round-up of reaction to the announcement.
 Here's your daily guide to the best of the best stories from the news in the world on climate change.
Following Friday's hearing of President Donald Trump's impeachment hearing, here's a round-up of the main takeaways from the hearing.
People are trying to work out who is the aggressor in the conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan over the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh.
People have been reacting to the Trump administration's Executive Order on Huawei, which includes new powers to block all tech purchases from “foreign adversaries" - but what does it mean?
 People have been reacting to Elizabeth Drew's article on how to win Republican support for impeachment.
 Here's a round-up of your reaction to Joe Biden's Earth Day summit, as the Washington Post writes:
On Tuesday morning, a number of people got in touch with us about Joe Biden's job-approval rating.
Here's a round-up of reaction from Twitter users to the idea that the Electoral College should be abolished.
 As the US Department of Health (OSHA) fights a federal court ruling over its mandatory vaccine mandate, here's your daily guide to the latest developments.
People have been reacting to the news that New York City will require proof of vaccination for indoor activities such as dining, gyms and concerts.
 Here's a round-up of reaction to the latest court ruling against the US Department of Health and Social Security's (CDC) eviction ban.
Following Scott Lemieux's article on the impact of the Supreme Court ruling on abortion, here's a round-up of reaction from social media.
Reports that Johnny Depp warned his ex-wife Amber Heard of a "bloodbath" if their arguments escalated have been widely shared on social media.
Left-wing activists have been reacting to Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing, with one calling him a "judicial vassal for Donald Trump".
 It's been a busy day in the race for the Pennsylvania Senate, and here's a look at some of the key points:
US President Donald Trump's plan to include a citizenship question on the 2020 census has been met with a mixture of mockery, mockery and incredulity.
 As Joe Biden prepares to sign an executive order targeting corporate monopolies, here's a round-up of reaction from around the world.
 The New York Post and the Los Angeles Times have both reported that Rick Caruso, the Republican candidate in the race to be mayor of Los Angeles, is closing in on an upset.
Joe Biden's $2 trillion (Â£1.1 trillion) infrastructure plan has been met with a mixture of praise and derision.
Here's a round-up of tweets from around the world about Virginia Governor Ralph Northam, who has refused to resign over a photo showing him in blackface.
People have been talking about Juneteenth, the USeteenth holiday, and how it should be a national holiday.
As the House of Representatives Select Committee begins its investigation into an attack on the US Capitol on 6 January, here's a round-up of reaction.
 The US House of Representatives has voted to impeach President Donald Trump, by a margin of 230 to 197.
Here's a round-up of reaction to an article by Johnfund in the Washington Post on Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's re-election.
Following the hearing of Amy Coney Barrett, President Donald Trump's pick to be the next US Supreme Court judge, we take a look at some of the reaction from social media.
People have been talking about how to vote in person, after the Democratic Party cancelled the Ohio primary because poll workers were too old.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read stories of the past week.
People have been reacting to Elon Musk's threat to take over Twitter.
 The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump can keep his tax returns secret, but that does not mean he will get to see them.
 As the Democratic debate gets under way, here's a look at some of the key points:
 The March for Life was a march for Trump, and it turned into a Trump rally, according to Slate.
People have been reacting to Tara Reade's interview with Katie Halper, who says she was sexually assaulted by Joe Biden.
 Here's a round-up of the most read news from the news in the world today:
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that transgender people will not be allowed to use the word "X" on passports.
Leon Krauze, the former editor of Slate, has urged US President Donald Trump to "tread carefully" in Venezuela.
 It's that time of the year again, when you vote to decide who will run the US House of Representatives.
 As the Senate votes to codify Roe v. Wade protections, there's a lot of discussion about what's going on.
 It's been a week of headlines about the "Freedom Convoy" protest in Ottawa, but what do you know about it?
Joe Biden, the former vice-president of the United States, announced a $1.1 trillion (Â£1.2tn) infrastructure deal with bipartisan senators on Thursday, but what does it mean for him?
People have been reacting to Warren Buffett's announcement that he will not be joining the US Senate's new Supreme Court commission.
Following the news that General Motors is cutting 5,000 jobs in the US, people have been reacting to it.
 As the oil price war rumbles on, here's a round-up of your reaction to the news:
People have been reacting to the news that US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is not a good man.
 There's been a flurry of reaction on Twitter to the news that the Trump administration wants to take $37m from a home heating assistance program to pay for an emergency response to the coronavirus outbreak.
People have been reacting to a Washington Post editorial about House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's planned visit to Taiwan.
 In Case You Missed It, here's a round-up of the best stories from the Democratic presidential candidate, Pete Buttigieg, and his wife, Chasten, who is also a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender candidate.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the most read stories from the news in the news on Earth Day.
Here's a round-up of reaction to the Federal Reserve's next meeting, which will take place on Wednesday 26 January.
 In case you missed it, here's a round-up of the key election results from Tuesday night.
As US President Donald Trump and NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg speak to Congress, here's a round-up of reaction from social media users.
 As the Senate Judiciary Committee prepares to vote on Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination, here's a look at some of the quotes you may have missed.
 The New York Times has published an op-ed by US Republican Senator Tom Cotton, which includes a denouncement of historical depictions of slavery and the Civil War.
 The Weekly Standard "fact checked" an opinion piece on Brett Kavanaugh which claimed the Supreme Court judge said he would overturn Roe v. Wade.
Following reports that Russia is testing President Donald Trump over his response to the country's alleged interference in last year's presidential election, here's a round-up of reaction.
People have been reacting to President Donald Trump's announcement that Bahrain has normalised ties with Israel.
 People have been reacting to Donald Trump's remarks about babies born alive and dying in the US.
